THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 34

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 26th, 1772,

In the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

September the 15th, 1774,

In the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1804.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 34

B

4

feflage to tena His Majesty.

/fits issued in Recess.

Members

Avon).

t

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ?/' COMMONS.

Self. 1772 — 3.

jovisy 26° die Novembris;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, pafl'ed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to " issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the " Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room " of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs, for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the following Places; viz.for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of George Manners, Esquire; for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York, in the room of James West, Esquire; for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of John Roberts, Esquire; for the County of Wilts, in the room of Edward Popltam, Esquire; for the City of Ro-ckefier, in the County of Kent, in the room of John era/t, Esquire; and for the Borough of New the County of Berks, in the' room of Richard Tonfon, Esquire.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and lubscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Vol. 34.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Kng’sSpeech His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty reported, was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I should most willingly have consulted your private Convenience, by allowing you a longer Recess from Business, if' I had not thought that some very important Parts of the Public Service required the immediate Attention of Parliament.

It is impossible that I can look with Indifference upon whatever concerns either the Commerce and Revenue of the Kingdom at large, or the private Rights and Interest of considerable Numbers among My People:

Neither can I be insensible how materially every one of thele great Objects must be interested in the Maintenance of the Credit, and Prosperity, of the East India Company. When, therefore, I received Information of the Difficulties in which that Company appear to be involved, I determined to give you an early Opportunity of informing yourselves fully of the true State of their Affairs; and of making such Provisions, for the common Benefit and Security of all the various Intorefts concerned, as you shall find belt adapted to the Exigencies of the Cafe.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you. That there is Reason to hope, that the War, which has so long unhappily prevailed in one Part of Europe, is now. drawing to a Conclusion: And although there was no Probability of our being involved therein, yet the Discontinuance of those Troubles will afford a fairer Prospect of the Duration of Peace; which, I trust, the Altera--tions that have happened in Europe, will not, in their Consequer.ces, affect.

I continue to receive, from Foreign Powers, the strongest Assurances of their pacific Dispositions towards

this

Rrfoliition for Address,

26° Novembris.

A.

1772.

this Country: And it shall be My constant Endeavour to preserve the general Tranquillity, as far as is confident with the Honour of My Crown, and the intereds of My People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It gives Me much Satisfaction, That the Continuance of Peace has enabled Me to proceed in the Reduction of the Establishment of My Naval Forces; but you will, I am confident, agree with Me, that a considerable Strength at Sea mud be ever necessary for preserving the Reputation, and Power, of My Kingdoms.

The proper Edimates for the ensuing Year shall he laid before you; and whatever Supplies you may grant shall, on My Part, be managed with the drifted (Economy, and applied with the utmod Fidelity.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot but feel the most real Concern, That the Prod pee of the late Harved has not given Us the Relief which We had hoped Tor, in respect to the Dear-ness of Corn. As far as Human Wisdom can provide for alleviating the Didrefles of the Poor, lam persuaded, your Attention will not be wanting: And you cannot gratify Me more, than by calling upon Me for My Concurrence in whatever may contribute to the true Welfare, and Happiness, of all My People.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne: To acknowledge His Majesty’s great Goodness, in His condant Attention to whatever concerns either the Commerce and Revenue of His Kingdom at large, or the private Rights and intereds of copsiderable Numbers among His People: To return His Majesty our hearty Thanks, for having given us so early an Opportunity of informing ourselves fully of the true State of ^he Affairs of the East India Company; and to allure His Majesty, that, impressed with a due Sense of the great Importance of the Business, we will, without Delay, proceed to the Consideration of it, and endeavour to provide, in the most effectual Manner that the Nature of the same will admit, for the common Benefit and Security of all the great and weighty intereds recommended to our Care by His Majesty:

To allure His Majesty, That we rejoice to hear His Majesty has llealon to hope that the War, which has so long unhappily prevailed in one Part of , is

now drawing to a Conclusion; and that the favourable Prospect of the Duration of Peace, which the Probability of this Event affords us, will not be affected by the Alterations which have lately happened: That it gives us the highed Satisfaction, to find that His Majesty continues to receive from Foreign Powers the dronged Assurances of their pacific Disposition towards this Country; and that we most gratefully acknowledge His Majesty’s gracious Declaration, That it will be His condant Endeavour to preserve the general Tranquillity, as far as is confident with the Honour of His Crown, and the intereds of His People:

That His Majesty’s faithful Commons will chearfully grant such Supplies as the Services of the ensuing Year shall require: And though it mud ever be for the Intered and Reputation of this Country to have a conG-derable Strength at Sea, yet we learn with much Satisfaction, that His Majesty has been enabled, during the Course of this Year, to proceed in the Reduction of His Naval Edablishment:

With Hearts full of Gratitude, to acknowledge the paternal and affectionate Concern, which His Majesty has expressed, for the Didrefles which the Poor continue to suffer, from the Dearness of Corn: And to assure His Majesty, that a diligent Attention shall not be wanting, on our Part, to consider of the most proper Means for preventing the Encrease of the Evil, and for

alleviating the present Didrefles, as far as they are in their Nature capable of Relief; being persuaded, that we cannot render any Service more acceptable to His Majesty, than by contributing to the Happiness of all His People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up- an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fitzpatrick,

Mr. Ellis, Dr. Burrell, Lord Clare, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Rigby, the Earl of Upper OJfory,

Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Buller, Mr. Vane, Mr. Prescott,

Mr. Brad/haw, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Town/heud, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Edmonflone,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Jenk, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fox, Mr.‘ Rice, Mr. Sloane, Lord Frederick Campbell; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech- so both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said ConA-mittee.

Refehed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Com and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Proviso*, consider of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed, Bast India to enquire into the State of the East India Company; Affairs — and, for that Purpose, to insped the Books and Ac- ec^teeom* counts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Thirteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, on or before Saturday next, at One of the Clock, prepare Lids, to be put into Glasses, of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table; and the said Lids, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses, at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

The House being informed, That one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- London; tec. mons, of the City of London, in Common Council Petition* — assembled. ^om and

And then he withdrew. r0Vl M*

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of the Scarcity of all Kinds of Grain, and the Dearness of other Provisions; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if there was a speedy Stoppage of the Distillation of Corn, and an Importation of all Sorts of Grain Duty-free, the same would be of public Utility:

And therefore praying the House, to take this important Matter into their serious Consideration, and to provide such Remedies for the fame, as shall be judged confident with the real and permanent Intered of the whole Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mader and Keepers or Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mydery or Art of Brewers, of the City of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Grievance the Petitioners and others labour under, by the high Price of Barley and Malt; and alledging, that a Supply from Abroad may in some. Measure relieve their Distress: And therefore

i3 Geo. III. a — 27

tore praying, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the Brewing Trade, That Leave may be given for the free Importation of Barley and Malt; or that such other Relief may be given as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Loilgershall Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludger in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable John Stewart, commonly called Lord Garlies, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

St. Mawes Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the etecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Michael Byrne, Esquire, deceased.

Com wall Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27* }

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Vidal’s, See. \ Petition of Emetic Vidal, Philippe and

Nat. J~\. Abraham Favenc, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Limvood and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

D’Aigrt- A Petition of Paul D'Aigremont, was presented to the moot’* w*t* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Linwoodand Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reigate Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

St. German* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Benjamin Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Deliveries and Deliverance of all Manner of Ordnance, of Artillery, Munition, and other Necessaries whatsoever, appertaining to His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

Vol. 34.

Novembris. 5

A Petition of George Lord Carboy, of the Kingdom l.*xton of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Las ton, in the County ,nelofnre* of Northampton, was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth. That there are, in the Parish of Lax ton, several open and uninclosed Fields, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and indoled, it would be a considerable Advantage to the respective Proprietors of Lands therein, and a public Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Westminster cution the several Acts, passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, since the Beginning of the Works under the Petitioners Direction, they have found it necessary to make several other Applications to Parliament, as Occasion required; and several other Acts have been passed; in the Execution whereof, the Petitioners find some further Amendments necessary to be made, which, the Petitioners conceive, would greatly facilitate the Execution of the said Acts:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Bo- t Trent rough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Not- Navigation. tingham, and of several Gentlemen, Land Owners,

Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the said Borough of Newark upon Trent, and in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of a Branch of the River Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, running by the Town of Newark upon Trent, to a Place called Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County, is, for Want of a proper Depth of Water in many Places, and from other Obstructions, rendered impracticable at divers Times of the Year; and that, by improving the Channel of the said Branch of the said River, ana by making proper Cuts and other Works, so as to render the same navigable at all Seasons of the Year, an easier and more regular Intercourse of Trade would thereby be opened between the several Towns and Places in the said Counties, as well to the Advantage of the Traders, Manufacturers, and otherlnhabitants, residing in the said Counties, as to the Benefit of the Public in general;

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of the said Branch of the said River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from the said Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, to the said Place called Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham aforesaid, in such Manner, and C with

6 27° Novembr1772.

with such Powers, and under futh Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report th<* fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they afe to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Addrefi on Mr. Fitzpatritk reported from the Committee, ap-

King't pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-

fcpeoch. fented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn

up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; cxz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude, Your Majesty’s great Goodness, in Your constant Attention to whatever concerns either the Commerce and Revenue of Your Kingdom at large, or the private Rights and Interests of considerable Numbers among Your People. And we return our most dutiful Thanks to Your Majesty, for having given us an early Opportunity of informing ourselves fully of the true State of the Affairs of the East India Company: And we assure Your Majesty, that, impressed with a due Sense of the great . Importance of the Business, we will, without Delay, proceed to the Consideration of it; and endeavour to provide, in the most effectual Manner that the Nature of the same will admit, for the comnsion Benefit and Security of all the great and weighty Interests recommended to our Care by Your Majesty.

Your faithful Commons cannot but rejoice to hear that Your Majesty has Reason to hope that the War, which has so long unhappily prevailed in one Part of Europe, is now drawing to a Conclusion; and that the favourable Prospect of the Duration of Peace, which the Probability of this Event affords us, will not be affected by the Alterations which have lately happened: And we feel the highest Satisfaction, at the Assurances, winch Your Majesty continues to receive from Foreign Powers, of their pacific Dispositions towards this Country; and at the same Time we most gratefully acknowlege Your Majesty’s gracious Declaration, That it will be Your constant Endeavour to preserve the general Tranquillity, as far as is consistent with the Honour of Your Crown, and the Interests of Your People.

Your Majesty may be assured, that Your faithful Commons will chearfully grant such Supplies as the Services of the ensuing Year shall require: And although we are convinced, that it must ever be for the Interest and Reputation of this Country, to have a considerable Strength at Sea, yet we learn with much Satisfaction, that Your Majesty has been enabled, during the Course of this Year, to proceed in the Reduction of Your Naval Establishment.

Permit us to offer to Your Majesty our most humble and unfeigned Thanks, for the paternal and affectionate Concern which Your Majesty has expressed for the Distresses which the Poor continue to suffer, from the Dearness of Corn. And we allure Your Majesty, that a diligent Attention shall not be wanting, on our Part, toconsider of the most proper Means for preventing the Encrease of the Evil; and for alleviating the present Distresses, as far as they are in their Nature capable of Relief; being persuaded, that we cannot render any

Service more acceptable to Your Majesty, than by contributing to the Happir.efs of all Your People.

The laid Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be prefen ted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech Kind’s to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Considera- Speech to be tion Tomorrow Morning. considered.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the East India Journals of the House, of the 26th Day of May last, —

of the Report from the Committee who were appointed Sc to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies.

Ordered, That the Number of the said Committee be One and Thirty.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 16th Day of April last, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from the Committee appointed to examine the Lists of Thirty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thirty-one Persons be the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Seven of ‘ them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wilton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wills, in the room of Henry Herbert, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Corn ordered, in Great Britain; and also the gross Amount of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from 1742 to Midsummer 1772; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Melasses and Sugar in Great Britain; and also the gross Amount of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from Midsummer 1742 to Midsummer 1772; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1742 to C 1771; dii-tinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts.

Ordered,

i3 Geo. III. 210 Novem7

Ctll of the Ordered, That this House be called over upon Hoofe. 2.6th Day of Jatuiary next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Corn and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House piovision*. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

lyir. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Onslow accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also, the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, be prohibited for a further Time, to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, be allowed for a further Time, to be limited, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, be allowed for a Time to be limited, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Rice, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in Americinto this Kingdom, be allowed for a further Time, to be limited, free of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Rritifk Dominions in America, for a limited Time, be continued for a further Time, to be limited.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Onslow,.the Lord North, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Robinson, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high- Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do attend the said Committee, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrer do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Com do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Cock [edge do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Denton do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Moss do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Con* fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. muteei.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committeeof pointed: Privilege*.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.’ Pulteney, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Garth, Mr. Townshend, Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Harris, Mr. Freeman, Mr. nall. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Whitworth, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Brickdale, Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Edmonflone,

Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Btmbury, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr.

Keene, Colonel Barr I, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Burke, Lord North, Mr. Jenkiitfon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Cooper, Mr.'Dowdeswell,

Mr. Montagu, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Dempster, Sir John Sebright, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Howard, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Trecothick, Mr. Douglas, Sir George Savile, Mr. Skynner, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Lord Clare,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dunning, the Earl of Lincoln, Lord Guernsey, Lord Gage, Sir William Lynch,

Sir William Dolben, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rice, Mr.

Charles James Fox, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Forrefler, Lord George Germain, the Earl ClanbraJJil, General Burgoyne,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Harris, Sir Richard Sutton, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Alderman Oliver, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Lockart, the Earl of Upper Offory,

Mr. Sloane, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hotkam: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and td fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the

Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Privileges j and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records, for their Information j and if any Thing shall come in question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Uftal Orders. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who areTeturned for'

Two or more Places do make their Elcffion by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns dp withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved,

8 Novembris. . 177

Resolved, That no Peer of" this Realm hath an)' Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to fei ve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the tdoiife shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious* the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against,

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Rejbhed, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any same before this House, or arty Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and , the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members^ giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this , House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be in-f<*rmed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting 5 and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the Hcfufe is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in th', Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the PassageS through the Streets between Tetqple Bar and Westminster Hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructkms 'be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House;

and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in WestminsterHall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen* or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent* to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading the retoi

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General,

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, di reded to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the Second Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbaii,

Vote*.

Private

Petition?.

13 Ge6; III. 28° Novem. 9

Sabbatiy 28° die Novembris \

Anno 13* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772;

Prayers.

a^pointj'tcT ^T' H E Lord Hmchingbrook reported to the tioufe, t>c attended. X That His Majesty, having been Waited upon,

pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after One of the -Clock, at His Palace of Saint ’James.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Pofi Meridiem.

Answert* Ti/T R. Speaker reported. That the House had at-AJdtefj. 1V1 tended His Majesty this Day, with their Address j to which His Majesty was pleased to give this raoft gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My hearty Thanks, for this very dutiful Address.

The Assurances you give Me, of your Resolution to enter into the immediate Consideration of the important Affairs which I have recommended to you, afford Me great Satisfaction; and 1 have the fullest Confidence, that you will endeavour, as far as lies in your Power, to alleviate the Distresses of My People, who are the constant Objects of My Care and Affection.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the same into Con-li deration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider of that Motion.

Wheat, Ac. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, and Pulle, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wheat, Ac. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, and Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Vol. 34.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgefres, and Common- Bristol Pe-alty, of the City of Brifioli Under their Common Seal,- tition — Cora was presented to the House; and read.; Complaining ron~ of the high Price of Corn and other Provisions; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, unless the distilling of Corn is prohibited, and the Importation of all Sorts of Grain allowed Duty free, a very great Scarcity mult enlue: And therefore praying the House,-to grant such Relief in thfe Premises, aS to them shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the preterit high Price of Corn and Provisions;

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Mem* Ball India bers to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Thirteen Aff*'1* — Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, ap- S^^.ot* pointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon; ,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into Westminster , the Speaker’s Chamber, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Member^ there to attend the.

Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; .

The Order made upon ‘Thursday last, directing the ’

Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then, the Names of the Members being called over,-according to that Order, those who then appeared federally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Glaflcs/ at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And, their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Lifts; and to report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Hanmer, tec.: or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s (Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Laxton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Indofute. the Common and Open Fields, within the Pari Hi of Laxton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord < Vidal’*, See. ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, - Nat-lippe Rivier, and Abraham Favtnc: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- D’Aigre-ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Paul mont’J Nat-

And the same was received; and read the First Time*

j&ejolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

D A Petition

Jtfartin’s

Nat.

Dawn

Coarts of Jaftkfc

Devon Poor.

io 28° — 30° Novembris. A. 1772.

A Petition of Peter Francis Martin was presented to the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hanmer and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning;

Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30* die Novembris;

Anno 13° Georgii III'" Regis, 1772*

Praters.

1? MERIC Vidal, Philippe Rivier,

and Paul D'Aigremont, took the Oaths appointed,

in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at a General Meeting of the said County, upon the 12th Day of August last, in order to take into Confederation the State of their Courts of Justice, situated in the Castle of Rougemont, it was resolved. That the Courts, wherein their Assizes and Sessions are always holden, were very ruinous, inconvenient, and inadequate to the Purposes of Public Business; and that the present Courts should be intirely taken down, and others built in a better Form, upon an Estimate not exceeding £.4,000; and that Application be made to Parliament, to carry the said Resolutions into Execution; and that there is a Sum of Money, amounting to £.1,231. 13J. 2 now vetted in the Public Funds, in Trust, for the Use of the County; which the Petitioners are desirous of applying, in the first Place, towards defraying the Expence of the said Building; but the said Money, being in Trust, cannot be so applied without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioners to carry the aforesaid Resolutions into Execution, to apply the said Monies towards re-building the said Courts of Justice, and to vest the same in the County, for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the House will grant them such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warwick Mr. Parker, fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Relief " of the Poor, in the County of Devon" which hath been found ineffectual to answer the Purposes for which it was intended, and would, if continued in Force, be found extremely burthensome and oppressive to the several Parishes in the said County, which were proposed to be relieved thereby: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Repeal of the said Act; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, within the Borough of Devizes, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn, Grain, and Provisions: And praying, That the Premises may be speedily taken into Consideration, for such Relief to be had therein, as to the House shall seem most meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was also presented to the House; and read; Complaining of the high Price of all Sorts of Com and Grain; and setting forth. That great Quantities of Corn are consumed in Distilleries; and the Petitioners apprehend, a general Scarcity will be occasioned thereby i And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and to apply such Remedies as to the House shall seem meet:

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the said Borough of Newark upon Trent, and in the Counties of Nottingham, and Lincoln, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared -to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whitworth, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That he had surveyed that Branch of the River Trent, that runs by the Town of Newark, which is about Miles in Length; that, for Want of a sufficient Quantity of Water, at certain Times of the Year, and on Account of several Shoals, the Navigation is greatly obstructed; and that the said Branch may be easily made navigable, at the Expence of about £. 2,500.

Mr. Job Brough, being examined, said. That the making the said Branch navigable will be of great Advantage to the Town of Newark and the adjoining Counties; and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County: And that Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Treasurer of the Household, and Mr. Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, imported into this Kingdom, since the 20th Day of May last; distinguishing the Countries from whence, and the Ports into which, the same have been imported, and the Quantities imported in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into this . ' Kingdom,

Devizes; Ax* Petitions — Corn and Provisions

Trent

Navigation

Accounts

ordered.

i3 Geo. III.

30° Novembris.

11

Kingdom, since the First Day. of January last, together with an Account of the Quantity exported since the said First Day of January, that has paid the Subsidy of Six Pence in the Pound on Re-exportation.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, that have been imported into this Kingdom, from Ireland, and from the Dominions m

America, since the First Day of January last; distinguishing the Quantity imported from each Country.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oats imported into this Kingdom, since the First Day of January last; distinguishing the Countries from whence the same have been imported, and the Quantities imported in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cattle imported into this Kingdom, from Ireland, since the First Day of January 1768; distinguishing each Sort.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Corn and men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the-whole House, to whom it was referred to consider. of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, tliaf they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, to prohibit the Exportation of Pease and Beans.

Martin’* Mr. Hanmer presented to the House, according to

Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;'

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come'to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wheat, tec. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, and Pulse, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wheat, &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, and Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 34.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were East India appointed to examine the Lists of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and* for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company; as also tA the Management and present Situation of the Company’!

Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon; and to report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in, his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right honourable Thomas Harley - - - - 12a

The Right honourable Hans Stanley - - - 121

Charles Jenkinson, Esquire - - - 121

Richard Jackson, Esquire - 121

Thomas Gilbert, Esquire ----- - 121

The Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell - 120

The Right honourable Lord Viscount Palmerston - 120

Nathaniel Ryder, Esquire ----- 119

William Burrell, Esquire ----- 118

The Right honourable Richard Rigby - - - - 117

The honourable Thomas Walpola - - - 117

John Eames, Esquire ---- - 117

The honourable Richard Fitzpatrick - -

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of

them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That it be an Inflection to the said Committee, that they do esquire, in the first Place, into the late Proceedings of the East India Company, in relation to the Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the free Importation

12

Salted Beef, Pork, fee*

Account*

ordered.

Pontefract

Writ.

Supply.

(Jfual E(U-mate<i tec. ordered.

30° Novembris. — 1° Decembris. 1772*

tion of Rice into this Kingdom, From any of His Ma- Pay of Officers of the Nary, an4 such of the Officers'

jetty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

- Resolved.That the Bill be rfead a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitwoith presented to the House, according to Otder, a Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the 1m-

portation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " TimeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cheese imported into this Kingdom, since the ift Day of January 1768.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported from this Kingdom, since the I ft Day of January 1768.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported to Gibraltar, Minorca, and by the East India Company, by virtue of the Powers granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of the said Commodities.

And then the Hdlife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,i° die Decembris;

Anno 13® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1772.

Pra’teri.

T}ETER Francis Martin took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ififue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of PontefraS, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion , made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Rei’olupon which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

' Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1773, with an Elliruate of the Half

of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be ‘ laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1773, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1773, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1773, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1773, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1773, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1772, and the 10th Day of October 1772, as well of or for the Excess or

Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Bailer presented to the House, pursuant to their Navy Ac-Orders of the 25th Day of May, in the last Session of counts. Parliament,

An Account, shewing the Expence of His Majesty’-s Navy for the last Five Years: And also.

An Account, shewing the Payments of His Majesty’s Navy for the last Five Years: And also.

An Account, shewing the Amount that has been received for old Naval Stores, and also of the Expenditure of the fame, for the last Five Years.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

♦ The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Wheat, fcc. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, and Pulse, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and uf-tefwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were /

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

by

Wfcttt, Ace.

Con* See.

Ske.

Salted Beef* Pork* &«.

Corn and Provisioni.

13 Geo. III. i° — 1° Decembris. # 13

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour* Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, and Pulse, from any Bart of Europe, or into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, and Wheat Flour, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made " in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, " Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; " and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Dominions in " rica, for a limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that

Vol. 34.

he was.directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do attend the said Committee, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Tal, ow* *<= continue for a further Time, to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time,

" the Duties upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s " Lard, and Grease And that Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge, Mr. Milles, and Sir Edward Aflley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do extend the Provisions of the said Act to Hams and Bacon.

A Petition of Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet, Lord of Tryfull la. the Manor of Tryfull and Seifdon, in the Parish of Tryfull, cJo‘un:‘ in the County or Stafford, the Reverend Joseph -borne. Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish and Parish Church of Tryfull aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the said Parish of Tryfull, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Freeholders of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres and upwards; and the find Sir John Wrottesley, and the several Persons having Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Lands, are desirous that the same may be inclosed, divided, and allotted, amongst the several Persons interested therein; and the said Joseph Honeyborne is desirous to have a reasonable Part or Share of the said Common and Waste Lands allotted to him, in Lieu and Satisfaction of all Vicarial Tythes or Dues, and Composition for the fame, arising and happening within the said Parish: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Common and Waste Lands, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Bridgeman and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And them the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2® die Decembris \

Anno 13° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1771.

Prayers.

Ti yf* R. Whitworth presented to the House, according Trent JLVA to Order, a Bill for improving and completing Navigation, the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mufkham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

E Resolved,

# i4 . i DviAii

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mailing A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are Street thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, Road‘ made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of to Witch Q'ofsand

from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the . Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham to Cross aforesaid, all lying within the county of ; and also an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broti Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green,

through the Parishes of Etcldngham and and

from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battel, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have pro* ceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money bn the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, aind the said Roads made and kept in good Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged, and the Acts in Other Respects made’ more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under Rich Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. .:

Ordered, That the said Petition be.referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as' it 'shall appear to them, to the Hcrufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Fuller, &c.: - .

And they are to meet Tomorrow. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House. That Answer t<»

their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would be A rcfs* graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Oft-fleers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been prelehted to ;His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him . to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The LoiJd Barrington presented to the House, pun Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimates,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate -of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations^and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1771 to the 24th December 177.3, both inciufive; being 3-65

Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1,773: And also, i

.Eftithate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the Britishband Lrish Establiflilnent of Six Batta-

lions and'Three.Coinpanies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Elands, from the 4.5th December 17 72 to the 24th December 1773, both indufive; being 365 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read* - -The feid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

.13 Geo. III.

2® Decembr

V5l

ESTIMATE of the Chaise of the Guards, Garrisons, and Other His Majesty’s Lind Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773, both Days inclutivej being.365 Days.

Horse.

Dragoons.

'First Troop of Life Guardi - . j Second D° ——

First Troop of Grenadier Guards - -

I Second D° - -- -- --. Royal Regiment of Horse G uards - -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards - -

Second D* -

Third D"

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons - -

Earl of Panmure'% -

Major General Fitzroy's - - - - -Lieutenant General Carpenter's .- - -

General Cholmondeley's -

Lieutenant General Howard's -

Sir John Mordaunt'% -

Marquis of Lothian's -

j Light f Lieutenant General -

Dragoons. £ Major General Burgoyne's -

’"First Regiment of Foot Guards - -

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards - -

Third Regiment of Foot Guards -

Sir Jeffery Amherji's Regiment of Fobt - -

Lieutenant General . - __r -

Lord Robert Bertie's

Lieutertant General A'Courl AJlie- - -

Sir Charles Hotham's - -

Lieutenant General Monckton's - -

Foot. ( Lieutenant General Grime's - _ - -

Major General Hale's - r - -

Lieutenant General Gage's -

Lieutenant Gaaeral Bofcawen's - -

Lieutenant General Parjlow's -

Earl Cornwallis's ——

Major General Fletcher Carhpbell's -

Lieutenant General Gray's -

Lieutertant General Cary's -

Lieutciiant General Lambdrt's - -

Numbers.

l8l

181

*77

176

3*9

345.

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

231

T 171 I Colonel Wrens Regiment -

inva 1 s. J Xwenty Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle - -

Contingencies upon Account - -

Total -

231

231

1,649

1,058

L°5?

477

477

.477

.477

477

477

.477

477

477

47.7

477

.477

477

477

477

477

482

1,040

1,034

*>655

462

11 *397

1,522

[7j°7°

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 365 Days,

17.605 3 17.605 3 10,870 18 10,743 3" 26,054 18 4 4 4 4 4

i 8,878 1

12,896' 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896' if 4;

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13: 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

45,980 17 6

29*l5913 4

29$ 14. '§ 4

10,949 17 6

10,946 17 6

11,086 17. 6

16,940 17 6

10,940 17 6

10,940 17 6

i'0,940 i 7 6

10,940 17 6

10,946 17 6

10,940 17 6

10,946 17 6

10,940 17 6

10,940 i 7 6

10,940 17 6 ' <

10,94b 17 ,6.

10,946 17 6

9T33G 7 I I

18,067 10 —

32,218' 16 — -

20,000 —

1 -

Total.

8i,8/9 ’ 6 B

14^)44 ’S *s.f9i *’

a$0,754 19 1

27403 *7 11

52,218 16 — ' /. 616,895 1 10

War Office, ift December 1772.

Barrington.

VOL. 34.

ESTIMATE

16

3* Decemb

\A. 1772.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and including those in

Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 177a to the 14th December 1773, both inclusive; being 365 Days. , _ .

Numbers,

Pay of the Regiments* Wf. for 365

Dave

Total.

lieutenant General Rufone's Regiment of Foot - -Lieutenant General Armfrong's -

Lieutenant General Sand ford's -

Lieutenant General Keppefs ——

Major General Gisborne's ——

Sir John Sebright's ——

Major General Mackay's ——

Major General Scott's -

Major General Evelyn's -

Lieutenant General Oughton's -

General Leighton's ——

lieutenant General Pierson's ——

Lieutenant General Clavering's -

Lieutenant General Owen's ——

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - -

Major General Pomeroy's ——

Lieutenant General Urmfton's -

Lord Adam Gordon's -

Lieutenant General Lambton's -

Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in AforM America; m. Quebec, Montreal, Augustine, Pensacola, Mobile, and SokM Carolina - -

Garrisons in Mwa Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, S’ John's in Newfoundland, Loui/bourg, S‘ John's Island, Providence, and Bermudas ——

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, S' Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago ——

Officers serving with the Forces in Nor/A America - -Contingencies upon Account ——

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

955

477

477

477r

477

214

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940 22,137

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940 4,170

9,755

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

*7

5

*7

*7

*7

*7

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

223,243 2 6

3»553 is —

3,044----

2,786 3 4

9,298 7 6

4,oooo-----

MINORCA.

Duke of Argylls 2d Battalion -

Lieutenant General Murray's Regiment of Foot Lord George Lennox's ——

Earl of Eglintoun's ——

Officers of the Garrison, (Ac. - -

477

477

477

477

1,908

10,685 7 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

43,508-----

5>9»7 xx 3

GIBRALTAR.

Major General Clinton's Regiment of Foot - - - -Major General Boyds -

Major General Walsh's - - - #....

Major General Cunningham's ——

Officers of the Garrison, &c. - -

477

477

477

477

1,908

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6"

43,763 10 — 3.749 1* 3

Provisions for Thirteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &c. deducting id. I per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government - - - -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - -

Provisions for the Regiments in the ceded Islands - -

Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps serving in Africa, deducting id.\ per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government - -

Total - -

13,958 19 4i 24,307 *7 3* 13,477 12 6

*3,571

2,321 14 10

54,066 4 — £396,935 5 *o|

War Office, xft December 1772.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

Ordnance

Estimate.

13 Geo. III.

2° Decembr

lT

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain,

for the Year 1773.

General and General Staff Officers

For 365 Days.

C d.

I.....11.473 *8

War Office, ift December 1772.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of She Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of , at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, from the 25th December 1772 to the 24th December 1773, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

iDuke of Argyll's ift Battalion, according to the British Establish-

ment.....- ——

Paid by Irelatid for this Battalion ——

Difference - -

Sir Charles Montagu's Regiment, the same -

Sir William Boothby's, the same -

Lieutenant General Gore's, the same -

Lieutenant General Cohn's, the same -

Lieutenant General Trapaud's, the fame.....- -

Three Companies of Lord John Murray's Regiment, with the usual Staff Officers ——

Paid by Ireland for these Companies ——

Difference - -

Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

477 10,940 17 - 6 10,066 2 9 874 14 9

477 — 874 14 9

477 — 874 14 9

477 — 874 14 9

477 — 874 14 9

' 477 142 3,148 2 6 2,893 I 7 874 14 9 *55 — 11

Total

- 3.004

L- 5>5°39 5

War Office, ift December 1772.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do ilie upon the Efiitnate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the Year 1773, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Sir Charles Frederick presented to the House, pur- The said Estimate is as followeth; viz. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Vol. 34.

F ESTIMATE

18

2° Decembr

A. 1773.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, fpt the Year 1773.'

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

Land service.

Ordinary of the Office, comprifi'hg Repairs of Storehouses,' Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

~ Gibraltar and North Britain -

Minorca ——

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland - -

East Florida ——

West Florida

Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago -

Quebec ——

ista; Tor# ——

Senegal and Senegamlia -

Halifax ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 2,256 Men, Officers included ——

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of London - -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North , Newfoundland, and the West India Islands ——

Tq Colonel William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Consideration of his good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 22 OElob 1772 - -- -- -To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services ——

To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his. gopd Services -

To Joint Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services ——

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, foe surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Major General Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at , the Siege of Palais in Belleifle, and uponj several Expeditions - -

To Major Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Sendees upon several extraordinary Occasions - - ---, -

To Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Brome, in Cpnsideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served wel| in the Trains of Artillery in Germany, North America,

Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers

reduced, and Widows Pensions ——

EXTRAORDINARIES.

For repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at

Gibraltar -

Minorca -

St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland - -

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness - -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport - -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel, and Si.

Nicholas Island - -- -.....-

In further Part of the Charge of improving and strengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, estimated at f. 51,126.....----

- —

4 t. d.

36,092 7 6

1,047 5 —

1,297 2 6

1,003 15 —

57 —

967 5 —

L534 2 —

843 10 —

328 10 —

1,113 5 —

520 2 6

8,395 — —

72>549 16 8

L594 S' —

867 :5 —

2,144 7 6

456 5 —

456 5 —

9i 5 —

328 10 —

: *73 *5 —

365 — —

45$ 5 —

3 $5 — —

182 10 —

8,272 1 3

6,45a 5 8

2,5H 16 8

5°° — —

3,000 r

1,000 — — -

Z I >000 — —

2,000 —

500 —

4 >55* 1 8

£ s. d.

142,201 14 n

Pay

13 Geo. Hi. 2° Decembrist

Pay of a military Company of Artificers, serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 6 March 1772 - -

In further Part of the Charge of building Barracks for Two Battalions of Foot at Minorca, and removing the Arraval at St. Philips's, estimated at £. 12,986. 8. ——

In full for relieving the Companies of Artillery, in the Mediterranean A Supply of Stores demanded for Mino - -- -- --A Supply of Stores demanded for Senegal and -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Condu&ors, and Artificers, with the Train of Artillery, attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America -

For erecting a Barrack, for Artillery Officers, within the Lines at Chatham

Towards repairing and altering the Royal Brass Foundery in Woolwich Warren ——

Charge of Astronomical Instruments judged useful and necessary, by the President and Council of the Royal Society, as Visitors, for His Majesty’s Observatory at Greenwich....

For carrying on the necessary Repairs at Cornet, in the Island of Guernsey ——

Towards erecting a Pile of Barracks at Woolwich, for One Battalion of

Artillery and their Officers - <....

To the Charge of necessary Repairs at Elizabeth in the Island of

strfey.....- - ....

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

*>335

4,705

2,383

2,840

962

3,394

1,291

3.000

6n

1,217

3.000

1.000

9.000

5 10

_4 _8

— 2

16 —

10 —

x7 ~

7 6 J3 9

Expence of Services performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1772.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, for carrying on the current Service at Halifax in Nova Scotia -

Pay of superannuated and Half-pay Officers, to 31 December 1772 - -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the Third Regiment of Dragoons, the Fifteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons, the First, Second, and Third, Regiments of Foot Guards, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and to sundry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 12 October 1770, 19 April and November 1771, 10 and 15 January, and 16 March, 7 and 30 April, 16 and 27 May, 3 and 5 June, 22 July, 3 and 5 September 1772 ——

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 2 April, 9 and 37 May, and June 1772 -

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Denbigh, Hants, Glamorgan, Middlesex, York, Dorset, East Kent, -ingham, and Northampton, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 3 March, 7, 13, 14, 29, and 30 April, 3 and 12 May, and 11 September

1772.. - -.....v *

Ammunition delivered to 55 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 18 May 1763 ——

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Pay-masters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of the Staff and Contingencies for 1772 - --.....- -

Montyiffu^forcarrymgf^^, I I I - I I 71 -

oi th= current Services! fafi ^.....6aj r7 -

and Contingencies, at W,ft Florida 674 ,9

Money ifibed towards carrying on a Survey of the Island of Dominica, and making Plans for the Defence, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, 13 February and 9 March 1770 - -- --....

Charge of printing Astronomical Observations made at the Royal Observatory at Greenwich, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 21 July 1767 -

Tents issued for Service of His Majesty’s Forces employed at St. Vincent against the Charibs, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 5 October 1772 Savings by the Vacant Polls of Master General, Secre* tary. Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General, for 3 Quarters, ending 30 September 1772 - - - 1,485------

Saving by the Reduction in the Companies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in the Year 1771, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 15 March 1771 - - - 5,490 9 5

360 — —

459 !2 —

4*783 13 8

723 16 9

8,327 7 3

2,185 x7 2

4>3i6 7 —

2,213 8 11

1,098 — — -

243 1 3

228 10 — 24,929 14 o

6,975 9 5

*9

76,258 18 1

7,954 4 7

£.236,414 18 5

Jeff. Amherst. Charles Frederick.

Vol. 34.

Ordered,

20 2° Decembris. . 1772*

Ordered, That the said Estimate d6 lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tallow, Ac, Mr. Milles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue for a further Time, to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Tallow,

" Hogs Lard, and Grease;" and to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Bacon and Hams: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timer

H*dfor A Petition of William of Hadfor, in the

Inclosure. County of Worcester, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Hadfor aforesaid, and Owner and Proprietor of tire principal Part of tire Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parish, a large Common or Waste Ground, called Hadfor Common, the Soil whereof belongs to the Petitioner, as Lord of the said Manor, and the Right of Pasturage thereon to the Petitioner and others ;-and that, if the same v.ere divided and inclosed, it would be advantageous to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Ground, under l'uch Regulations, and in l'uch Manner, as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Laxton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-Inclosure. mon and Open Fields, within the Parish of Laxton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vidal’s, ice. A Bill for naturalizing Emcric Vidal, Philippe Riviere, ^at’ and Abraham Favenc, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

D’Aigre- A Bill for naturalizing Paul was read a

mont’s Nat. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Prescott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Farnborough A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-Road. tion an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " leading from the Well at the North West End of the " Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of " Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of " Sevenoakes in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and which, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Act, hath been applied in repairing the said Road; and that Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; and that, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, the Money now owing cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in good Repair: And therefore 7

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Bethnal Poor, and the several Vestrymen and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the said Parish, whereby , the Governors and Directors of the Poor were im(-powered to provide and furnifti a Workhouse, and to raise, by Sale of Annuities, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Expences thereof; and that a Workhouse was accordingly built, and furnished in a proper Manner; but, the said Sum being found infus-ficient, the further Sum of One thousand Pounds, which was rTeceffarily expended in finishing and furnishing the said Workhouse, has been advanced, and now remains due, together with a large Arrear of Interest; and that the Money collected annually by the Poors Rate?, within the said Parish, since the passing of the said Act, has not been" sufficient to pay the Annuities, and defray the Expences of maintaining and regulating the Poor; and that, although such Rates have been extended to 4 s.6 d.in the Pound, and great Frugality and

(Economy used, the said Governors and Directors are now in Debt £. 1,500, or thereabouts, on Account of the Maintenance of the Poor; and that the Petitioned have Reason to expect that the Expence of providing for the Poor will further increase, and make it impossible to discharge the above-mentioned Debts, unless Power is given to raise Money to defray it by some other Means than the Poors Rates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish to raise Money sufficient to discharge the Debt incurred on Account of finishing and furnishing the Workhouse, and in maintaining and regulating the Poor, within the said Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheati Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, and Pulse, from &c* His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation ot Wheat,

Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease,

Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Wheat, &c.

Corn Trade.

West India Colonies.

Supply.

Custom-

House

Accounts.

13 Geo. III. 20 — 3 Dec21

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, and Pull#*, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be

limited, free of Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, reafe. Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the Indies.

The Order of the Day being read; .

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move; that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 30 dieDecembris; Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, N° 1. An Account of prohibited India Goods brought into Saint Hellen's Warehouses, in the Port of

London, from Michaelmas 1771 to Michaelmas 1772; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into Lcadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1771 to Michaelmas 1772; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Y Vol. 34.

remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouses in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1771; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1771; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Hellen's, Leadenhall, Rilliter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1771, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruftta, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1771 to Michaelmas 1772: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from,

Russia, into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1771 to Michaelmas 1772:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to s

Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out; and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; also the Number of Whales, Seals, and Quantity of Blubber, imported by each Ship, in the Year 1772:

And also

N° 9. An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by Virtue or in Pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act passed last Session, to prohibit the Exportation thereof, continued; viz. from the 10th of October 1771, exclusive, to the 10th of October 1772, inclusive.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the £>eyon Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Courts of Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Justice* Devon-, and also another Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, a Member present informed the Committee

That many Complaints have been made by the Judges on the Circuits, of the great Inconvenience of the Courts of Justice belonging to the said County, in the Cattle of Rougemont, contiguous to the City of Exeter — that the said Courts were presented by the Grand Jury at the last Lent Assizes, as being unfit for carrying on the Business of the County; and that it was then unani-mously resolved to apply to Parliament, for Power to re-build the said Courts. — And he added. That the Sum of f. 1,200, and upwards, is vetted in him and another Gentleman, in Trust, for the Use of the County, which might be very properly applied to the above Purpose; and that it was agreed, at the said Meeting, that a Sum not exceeding £ 4,000 should be expended in re-building the said Courts.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, An Act, passed in the 9th Yeaj of His present Majesty,

Decembris. . 1772.

Majesty, for the more effectual Relief of the ^oor in the County of Devon, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Parithioners of the several Pantiles, within the said County, are required, under certain Penalties, to meet annually, for the Purpol'e of receiving Subscriptions for the Relief of the PoOf: And,

Mr. John Gawler, being examined, said. That no Money has been subscribed in cohsequence of the said Act, except by f*ersons of the Very lowed Class; and that to an incorisiderable Amount, and in very few Places; — that in many ftriatll Parishes they cannot afford to buy and keep MediciheS, is the AA direAs; and that it is in many RespeAs iriconveriient to put the said Act into Execution.

That the High Sheriff called a Meeting of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County, Vrhich was held at the City of Exited the 12th of August lad, when it was unanimously resolved, by a very respeAable and numerous Body of Geiltlemeh, to apply to Parliament for a Repeal of the said Act.

A Membet present corifirrtied the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Courts of Justice in the Cadle of jtougemoni, in the County of Dfevon; and for building the said Courts in a more commodious Manner: And; that Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyidt and Mf. Parker do prepare, and bringrin, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His pfe-sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " Ah AA for the ftittnef " effectual Relief of the Poor of the County of Devon ?" Artd that Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde and Mr. Parker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tidal’s, Sec. Mr. LbiwOodreported froth the Committee, to iVHortV Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Enteric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and’

Ahrhham Favenc, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found’ the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

D’Aigre- Mir. Linwoodreported from the Committee, to whom mont’i Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Paid was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be-trUe; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Tallow, Sec. A Bill to continue fora further Time, to be limited^ an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Duties upon the Importation of TalloW, Hogs " Lard, and Greafeand to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Bacon and Hams, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Wfolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Com, Sec. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left1 the Chair.

S\t Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed bin* to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thf Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " A A, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of " Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, " for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the " British Dominions in America, for a limited Time,’* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’$ Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, including Four thousand Three hundred and Fifty-four Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

A Moticfn was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed iti the Negative.

Theh the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

‘Resolved, That this House'will, Tomorrow Booming,

Salted Beef, Pork, Sec.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

i3 Geo. III. 3" — 50 D 23

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hice. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of tie whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Clay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Wheat, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or , into this

Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amendment: And also,

Wheat, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *©. for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, from His Majesty’s Colonies in Amer, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day, for the PraviLIII House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to nuke a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Bread. Mr. Onslow accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that a Committee be appointed, to examine the several Laws now in being, relative to the Afiftze of Bread; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And Mr. Onslow moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the several Laws now in being, relative to the Assize of Bread; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyce Tree do attend the said Committee, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. John Freeland do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Malyn do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Hankin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Felix Calvert do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Scott, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Dickinson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkinson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisi 50 die Decembris;

Anno 130 Georgii III'" Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington presented to the House, chelsea pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Hospital —

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Estimate. sea Hospital, for the Year 1773.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1773.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

15,870 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each - -- - - -- -- 103 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - -- --31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - -- - jr. s. d. 330 12 6 5 3 — 1 3 3 1. s; d. 120,678 4 6 1,879 15 — 424 6 3

16,004 Total - - - 336 18 9 122,982 3 9

War Office, 4th December, 1772. Barrington.

Vol. 34. Ordered,

5° Dectmbr„

Ways and Means,

24

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Longmarfton A Petition of William Sheldon, Esquire, and several

Inclosure. other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Longmarston, in the County of Gloucester, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open, common, and intermixed, and are inconveniently situate; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the Estates of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Southwell and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Salted Beef, Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

Pork, 3cc. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, " Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited " Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British " Dominions in America, for a limited Time," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was'Twice read , and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Tallow, tec. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue for a. further Time, to be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a

A. 1772.

" limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of " Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greafeand to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Bacon and Hams, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Conr-mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to permit the Importation of Cheese, for. a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to permit the Importation of Salted Beef and Pork, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Milles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Milles reported from the Committee^ That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-. port, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday: Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grafted to His Ma- . jesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ah ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, - Vidal’s, &c. lippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc, was read the Third Nat-Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Emeric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc.

Ordered, That Mr. Litiwood do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Paul D' Aigremont, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title D’Aigre-be. An Act for naturalizing Paul - JJ}1 *

Ordered, That Mr. Linwood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Coihmittee, to whom Mailing the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are there- Street unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made Road*' in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross: and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off ham to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex; and also an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,-made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and'is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr.

13 Geo. III. 50 — 70 Decembris. a5

Mr. JoJias Smith, Clerk to the Trustees, being exa- , Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this

mined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Execution of the fame, and have borrowed several large Chamber.

Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which cannot be

repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless they are A Bill for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin, was read Martin’sNat. impowered to erect more Gates, and to encrease the a Second Time.

Tolls on that Part of the Road leading from the Broil That the Bill be committed to Mr. Han-,

Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road, Mr. kc. :And they are to meet this

leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurji Green, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s through the Parishes of Etchingliam and Burwash afore- Chamber, said; and the said Acts, in other Respects, made more

effectual. Mr. presented to the House, according Hadfor

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure, enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty- Waste Lands, called Hadfor Common, in the County of fifth Year of King George the; Second, and Sixth Year of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the King George the Third, for repairing the Roads, from the First Time.

North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

and other Roads, in the County of Sufex-, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the Sir presented to the Devon

West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the C<wuof

Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Courts of Justice in the Castle of in the

Etchingliam and Burwash; and from the said Broil Park County of and for building the said Courts in

Gatedto the Town of Battel, in the* said County; so a more commodious Manner:. And the same was re-

far'as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to ceived; and read the First lime,

the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Turnpike Road on Hur/1 Green, through the Parishes of

Elchinghamand Burwafn aforesaid: And that Mr. Har- according to Order, reported from the Tallow, &c.

court and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to fame> continue for a further Time, to be limited, an Act,

made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, in-Royal Assent A MefTage from His Majesty, by Sir FrancisMolyneux, tituled " An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: " the Duties upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s

Mr.Speaker, " Lard, and Grease;" and to discontinue, for a limited

The King commands this honourable House to at- Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Bacon and tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. Hams, was committed, the Amendments which.' the Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had to attend His Majesty. directed him to report to the House; and he read ,the

And beino* returned- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended -with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s TableWhere His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Ma- the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

jesty waspleafedtogivethe Royal Assent to the several en a Se.cond ,e’ °ne by °nc; and’ upon the Public Bills following; viz.Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend-An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat merits to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, Barley, Barley Meal, Oats, That the Qiil, with the Amendments, be in-

Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all grofied. other Sorts of Pulse, from any Part of Europe or Africa,.

into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: A Petition of Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the Battel

' An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, County of Kent, Esquire, Swaine, of the same Gunpowder

Wheat Flour, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, Biscuit, Pease, ^ace. Gentleman, and Moon, of " M-

Beans, Tares, Callivancies, and all other Sorts of Pulse, Wells>x in rthe laid County, Carpenter, Was presented to from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this King- the Hounfe» and read 5 Setting forth, 1 hat, puduant dom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: *oan £ft> passed in the 11 th \ ear ot His present Majesty, for reducing into One Act of Parliament the le-And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning *eral Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of next Ten of the Clock. Gunpowder, and for more eneftually preventing Mif-

chiefs by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great

Quantities, the Petitioners obtained a Licence to make a Mill at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge aforesaid; and to erect a Magazine or Storehouse in Minepit Field, being a Part of the said Farm, for making and keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder; and that, by an Act, passed in the last Session, to regulate the Making, Keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes, it was Enacted,

That no Person or Persons whomsoever should, for the making of Gunpowder, employ, work, or use, ar.y Mill or Engine, with a Pestle or Pestles, commonly called Trent A Bill for improving and completing the Navigation a Pestle Mill, with an Exception not to extend to Navigation. ^V. of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Powder Mills at that Time erected in the Parishes the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called of Battel, Seddlefcomb, and Brede, in the

The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the Coun- County of Sitjfex, lo far as related to the making fine ty of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crank/eys, in the Fowling Gunpowder only, as is known by the Name Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County, was read of Battel Powder; and that the Petitioners are in Pof-a Second Time. session of such Gunpowder Mill, commonly called a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- Pestle Mill, at Old Forge Farrfi aforesaid, which was Vol. 34. H erected

Lutice, 70 die Decembris; Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1772.

%6 70 Decembris, -tf. 1772*

ferested and wofked long beford the passing the said last mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners have been at the Expence of between Two and Three Thousand Pounds in erecting, purchasing, and furnishing, the fame, but have not yet built the Magazine or Store-house in Minepit Field-, and that at the said Gunpowder Mill erected at Old Forge Farm, the Petitioners have always made such fine Fowling Gunpowder only, as is known by the Name of Battel Powder: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue working the Pestle Mill at Old Forge Farm aforesaid, and to ered the said Magazine or Storehouse in Minepit Field aforesaid, and such other Erections and Buildings as may be necessary and proper for carrying on the said Business of Gunpowder-making, in full Perfection, Convenience, and Safety.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Corn, &c. An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Fiour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, that the Penalty against having Wheat shall not extend to Persons having Mills before a certain Day.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits f rom Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Salted Beef, *ngr°ffed Bill to continue, for a further Time,

Pork, &c. ’ an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Impor- tation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from '* Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

" from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . be, An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Ad, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of " Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, " for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the " British Dominions in America, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into the Port of London, from the i ft Day of January 1760 to the ill Day of January 1766; together with the Amount of the Duty thereon, and distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rice exported from the Port of London, from the ift Day of January 1760 to the ift Day of January 1766, together with the 5

Amount of Duty drawn back; distinguishing each Year.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom em it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub- Houghton feribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Inc osure* Lands, Commonable Grounds, and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Houghton with Witten in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting lorth,

That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restriction* as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Barr I, the Lord Mayer of London, and Sir Robert Bernard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Parker presented to the House, according to Devon

Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 9th Year PooF

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do, upore C°rn.and

Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Pr0Vlfl0ns* House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Com and Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harris do, upon Wednesday West India Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Colonies* House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to

lend

27

i3 Geo. III. 70 — 8

lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

India

Affairs ——

Secret Committee.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in rel'pest to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as all'o to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon; That the Committee had, pursuant to the Instruction given them by the House, proceeded to esquire, in the first place, into the late Proceedings of the East India Company, in relation to the Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies-, and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. This Report is not inserted in the Journal, being, by an Order of the House, of the 28 th Day of June 1773, ordered to be printed, together with the other Reports made from the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to re-ftiain the East India Company, for a Time to be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies;

And the previous question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth:

Tdle„for theYe1s,^{;^VWF"’

IMr. Thomas Tovinfliend, 1 Junior* > 45.

M r.: J

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the East India Company, for a Time to be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dy-son, Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. cott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Cleans? Resolved, That this House w.ll, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

Martisy 8° die Decembris;

Anno ij* Georgii III'" Regis, 1772*

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Gloucester Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, was Petition — presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Corn and Distrefl'es the Poor of the said City and Neighbour- rov"on»* hood at present labour under, from the high Prices of all Sorts of Grain and other Necessaries, which, the Petitioners conceive cannot be effectually alleviated, unless a total Stop is put to the distilling of all Sorts of Grain, for a limited Time, and also a Prohibition laid on the Engrossing and Exportation of Cheese:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes; and that such other Relief may be given to the Poor, as the House shall think most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

An. ingrossed Bill to continue for a further Time, to Tallow, &c, be limited, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for " a limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of " Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease;" and to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon the Importation of Bacon and Hams, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of " Tallow, Hogs Larj), and Grease;" and to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Milles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Prince, of , in the Coun- Mr. Prince’s ty of Middlesex, Starch Maker, was presented to the p.eMt"n :T" House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner ,ce' urc has for many Years been concerned in the Starch Manufactory, which, at a Time when the Scarcity of Wheat is universally deplored, is to be wished did not confilme that immense Quantity which is used in the said Manufactory; and that the Petitioner, to whom His Majesty hath granted His Royal Letters Patent, for the making of Rice Starch, for the Term of Fourteen Years, is well acquainted with Rice and its Quality, and can make it manifest that Rice would answer every Purpose intended, having used it in the Manufactory of Starch, and found it of equal Goodnefswith that manufactured from Wheat; and can be afforded Ten per Cent, cheaper than from Wheat, at the present Price thereof; yet that the high Duty usually paid for Rice, when payable, will not admit of the Petitioner, or of others, proceeding the rein, as it is a new Branch of Business, that requires additional Buildings, and very expensive Utensils must be had for the Purposes, unless they could rely upon the Discontinuance of the Duty for such a Term as would afford a luffi* cient Encouragemert to engage in that Manufactory; which, at the same Time that it would tend to alleviate, in a great Degree, the Distrefl'es now laboured undet from a Scarcity of Wheat, might like wife be of National Advantage, when the Ports were opened, by encreasing the Export of Wheat, and employing our Shipping and Navigation in a Branch of Commerce

highly

18 8° — 90 Decembris. 1772,

highly beneficial to Great; and therefore the

Petitioner, who is willing to wave the Benefit of his Letters Patent, for the Purpose of Relief to the industrious Poor, and for the Sake of so advantageous a Manufactory, submitstothe Consideration of the House, that Rice, imported from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, might, for the Term of Seven Years, be free of Duty, and that Rice Starch might be allowed to be so exported, as the Petitioner and others would in such same be enabled to proceed in the manufacturing of Rice Starch.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. ’, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

"Malt, &c. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1773: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Martin’sNat. Mr. Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Francis , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Corn Trad a Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornipg.

Shipston A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Roads. in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 3d, the 17th, and the 30th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Toll-gate, at Bridge-

town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderand

to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and also of the several Mortgagees of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road; but the Petitioners find, that the same cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some further and other Powers given: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and 'owers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall leem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:;

And it is referred to Mr. Sir William

ben. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Decembris \

Anno 13* Georgii III'" Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Cn<tom-

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended H ife at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Accounts* fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Meal,

Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to Gibraltar, Minorca, and by the India Company, by virtue of the Powers granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation thereof; viz. from the 10th 1771 exclusive to 10th October 1772 iqclusive: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, that have been imported into England from Ireland, and from the Dominions in

America, since the First Day of January last to the 16th of October following; distinguishing the Quantity imported from each Country; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cattle imported into England, from Ireland, since the First Day of January 1768 to the 10th of October last; distinguishing each Sort; which is as far as the same can be made up;

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese imported into England, since the ift Day of January 1768 to the 10th October last; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported from England, since the ift Day of January 1768 to the 10th of October last; which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Seddon, from Westminster the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River ^comus Thames, from the City of Westmiy/ler, to the opposite CC°un Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceeding' of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 29th Day of,

January 1772 to the 25th Day of November following, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 5th Day of January 1772 to the 10th Day of October following, together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of the Bridge Rents received, from 5th July 1771 to 5th July 1772.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered,

13 Geo. III. y° Decembris. 29

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Com and Ordered, That Mr. John do. Tomorrow

PrcviGon*. Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Brown do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Scott do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Plymouth A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Competition-- mon Councilmen, Freemen, and other principal In-Provisiona. habitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn and Provisions, which, the Petitioners apprehend, is in some Measure occasioned by the great Consumption made by' the Distillers of Grain: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to stop the Distillation of Grain, for a limited Time; and open the Ports, for a free Importation of Corn, Rice, and other Provisions, Duty free; and give such further Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Martin’sNat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Air and A Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Bichard Calder Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, Jeremiah

Navigation. Dixon, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the 10th and i ith Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York; and that the several Works executed under the Authority of the said Act have proved very beneficial; and that since the passing of the said Act, the Trade and Commerce in the Neighbourhood of the said Rivers have been much advanced and encreased, and a greater Number of Vessels than heretofore have been employed on the said Rivers; and that Complaints have been made to the Petitioners, that Goods carried up and down the said Rivers have of late not only been longer on their Passage than heretofore, but Embezzlements more frequent; and that the Petitioners find the Inconveniencies complained of to be occasioned by Shoals, Obstructions, and other Caules, in different Parts of the said Rivers, as well below as within the Limits of the Navigation, which, by the said Act, the Petitioners are made Undertakers of; and that, by the Removal of such Impediments, and by some additional Works, the said Navigation, the Petitioners apprehend, may be greatly improved, and less liable to the Defects and Inconveniencies complained of, the Freight of Good s co n fid erably lowered, and VesselIs not only enabled to cany larger Burthens, but to perform their Passage with greater Dispatch, Safety, and Certainty; and that, in order to effectuate such good Purposes, the Petitioners are desirous, at their own Colts, and without any VOL. 34.

additional Tolls or Duties, to extend and improve the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, and to render the same more convenient and useful to the Community; but Doubts have been conceived, how far the Petitioners are enabled, under the Powers of the said Act, to remove such of the said Impediments as are within the Limits of the said Navigation, or to make Cuts, or other necessary Works, to avoid them, and other Impediments in the River Air, between and the River Ouze, out of the present Limits of the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to extend and make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Impropriator, and of the several Moredon Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Hayden Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of the inclosure* Tythings of Moredon Hayden and Hayden Wick, in the Parish of Rodborne Cheney, in the County of Wilts, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others are possessed of several Freehold Estates, in the said Open and Common Fields of the Tythings of Moredon Hayden and Hayden Wick aforesaid, which lie intermixed, and dispersed over the whole Fields in small Parcels; by means whereof great inconveniencies do arise to the Proprietors of the said Lands and Estates, and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the said Common and Open Fields are very' fit and proper to be indofed, and would be a great Advantage to the, several Owners and Proprietors thereof, if the same were inclosed and divided: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Tythings of Moredon and Hayden

Wick, in the Parish of Rodborne Cheney aforesaid, in the said County of Wilts, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Battel Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, Gunpowder Thomas Swayne, of the same Place, Gentleman, and

William Moon, of Tonbridge Wells, in the said County,

Carpenter, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Malt, &c.

I certain

Corn Trade.

3o 90 Decembris. A. 1772.

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, fof the Service of the Year 1773, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Wheat imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat is at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Wheat imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat in this Kingdom shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Wheat Flour imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat in this Kingdom shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Wheat from this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat shall be at or above Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye in this Kingdom is at or above Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Duty of Three Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye in this Kingdom shall be at or above Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Rye from this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye shall be at or above Twenty-eight Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Barley imparted into this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley in this Kingdom is at or above Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Barley imported into this Kingdom when the Price of Barley in this Kingdom shall be at or above Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Barley from this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley shall be at or above Twenty-two Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Oats imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats in this Kingdom is at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Oats imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats in this Kingdom shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Exportation of Oats from this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That when the Price of Oats, of the Growth of this Kingdom, shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty, not exceeding Two Shillings for every Quarter of Oats, be allowed upon the Exportation of Oats and Oatmeal from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounties now allowed by Law, upon the Exportation of the several Species of Corn and Grain, be continued to be allowed and made payable upon all Corn and Grain which shall be exported from'this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for and upon all Wheat, W’heat Flour, Rye,

Barley, and Oats, which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and which shall be exported again thereout, there shall be drawn back any and all such Duty and Duties as shall have been paid on the Importation of such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Barley, and Oats, into Great Britain; such Drawback to be demanded and paid under such Rules and Regulations as Drawbacks in Cafes of the like Nature are drawn back and paid.

Ordered, That the further Confident ion of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1772 to the 24th December 1773, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1773, be'referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and b'ish Establishment of Six Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Minorca,

and the Ceded Islands, from the 25th December 1772 to the 24th December 1.773, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the-Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1773, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-raorroty Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

i3 Geo. III. o — 10° De\ 31

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

West India Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at

Colonies. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West indies.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno if Georgii III'" Regis, 1772. Prayers,

Vidal's Sec.QRD ERED, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry

Nat. to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Emerie Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favene; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordfoips thereto.

D’Aigre- Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry to the

aumt’s Nat. Lords the ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Paul

mont-, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Excise The House being informed, jfcat Mr. Farrefier, from Accounts, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Corn, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and also the grofe Amount of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from Midfumm 1742 to 1772;

distinguisoing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Melasses and Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and also the grois Amount of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from Midsummer 1742 to Midsummer 1772; difhnguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foi-loweth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand and Seventy effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be em-VOL.34.

S.

ployed f<v the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Six hundred Sixteen thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-five Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand and Seventy effective Men, for Guards, Garisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-six thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, and One Eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in America, Novia Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded JMlands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishment of Six Battalions and Three, Companies of Foot serving in the I fie of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-two . thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighteen thousand Four hundred and Sixty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punifoing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Deferoon. Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt, Ac. to resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1773, be now read.

And

Coro Trade.

Bad India Affairs — Secret Committee.

Rice.

Corn & Provisions.

32

1 0° — 11° Decembris. A. 1772.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1773, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1771, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1773.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the present State of the Corn Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the India Company, for a Time to be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Ofder of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provi lions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Otiflozv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verieris, 11° die Decembris;

Anno 13° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

SI R William Dolben reported from the Committee, Paxton to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- nc 0 "* doling, the Common and Open Fields, within the Parish of Laxton, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of, the Bill, and found the same to be true -, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is possessed of One Acre of Land in the said Fields, and who could not be found; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed is 1,200 Acres; and that no Pdrfon appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the'laid Bill, being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. P.echell and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corn, &c. to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Pease,

Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salted Beef, to continue for a further Time, an Act, made in the P°r^« &c-Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef,

" Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited " Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Timewithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tallow, Sec. Act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties " payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard,

" and Greafeand to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cneefe, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Mutiny and ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Desertion.

tion.

Mr. Prince's Petition — Rice-Starch.

i %GEO. IIL i to Decembris. 3 3

tion, and for the better Pay then t of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the -First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Prince, of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Starchmaker, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: \Vhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

His Majesty’s Letters Patent, granted to Mr. William Prince, in the Year 1768, were produced; whereby it appeared, that he enjoys an exclusive Right to make Starch of Rice, for the Term of 14 Years from the Date thereof: And

Mr. Alexander Kilgore, being examined, said, That he dealt largely in Starch; was acquainted with Mr. Prince-, and had seen his Manufactory for making Starch at Chelsea — that he had had Samples of Mr. Prince’s Rice Starch, which were superior both in Texture and Colour, to any he ever saw — that he shewed it to many of his Customers, who desired to have it, in preference to any other: And

Mr. William Prince, being examined, said. That he began to make Starch of Rice in the Year 1766 — that being in Expectation, that the making of Starch of Wheat would be prohibited, and it being alledged by the Starch Makers, that there was no other Material of which it could be made; he tried several Experiments, by which he found tha^ it might be made of Rice full as well as of Wheat — that he consumed upwards of 100 Barrels of Rice before he left off yfing it; but Wheat falling in its Price, induced him to make Starch of that as formerly — and he produced Samples of both Sorts of Starch.

Being further examined, he said, he apprehended that 500 Quarters of Wheat are consumed every Week in the Starch Manufactories in London and within Twenty Miles round, which amounts to 26,000 Quarters a Year; and that about 14,000 Quarters more are annually used for the same Article in the other Parts of the Kingdom — that a Quarter of Wheat, weighing 448 Pounds, will' produce 200 Pounds of Starch, and that 448 Pounds of Rice will make 336 Pounds of Starch — that when Wheat is at £.2. 10s. per Quarter, Rice at 14^. and 6 d.per Hundred, exclusive of the Duty on Importation, and the best Starch at 56 per Ton, which is the present Price, it may be made of Rice £. 10 per Cent. cheaper than of wheat — that Rice is at this Time I4J. 6 d.per Hundred, exclusive of the Duty of 6s. and \\d. on Importation — that as the adapting a Starch Manufactory to the Use of Rice, must be attended with an Expence of about £. 500, no Starch Maker would choose to put himself to such a Charge, without an Assurance, that the Duty on Importation of Rice should be discontinued for a Term, not less than Seven Years: And the Witness declared, that if the said Duty on Importation of Rice was taken off, and Starch made therewith allowed to be exported on the same Terms that Wheaten Starch is, when it is permitted to be carried out of the Kingdom, he was willing to relinquish the exclusive Right of making Starch of Rice, granted him by the said Letters Patent: Then

John Nutt, Esquire, a Merchant, said, That the Growth of Rice, in the Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, is much encrealed within these few Years, and the last Crop much greater than that of any former Year — that as the Number of Settlers in East and West Florida encrease considerably, and Part of the Land in those Colonies is proper for the Culture of Rice, there is no Vo*. 34.

Doubt but that large Quantities of it may be imported from thence; and if used in the Starch Manufactory, the Consumption thereby occasioned might, as he appre- . hended, tend to encourage the Growth and Importation of it; and added, that about 4,000 Barrels of R ce are annually consumed in Great Britain, when the Duty of 6s. and 4 id.per Hundred is paid on the Importation.

John Clark, Esquire, a Merchant, confirmed Mr.

Nutt’s Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; for a further Time, to be limited, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Petition of William Prince.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marine the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Forces. Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. and Mr.

Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of Devon Poor. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip* with. Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Poor, the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances; by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions: and that Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Rice, Sir George

vile, Mr. Cornwall, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Sir Richard Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to St. Vincent's. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Intelligence that has been received by any of His Majesty’s Ministers, and of all Applications to them, upon which it has been thought expedient to fend an additional Number of Forces into the Island of Saint Vincent’s, together with Copies of the Orders which have been sent by any of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or Secretary at War, relative to the Employment of the said Forces.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolutien; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

K. That

Corn and Provisions.

Malt, See,

Corn Trade.

34 ii° Decembris. . 1772*

That he was directed by the Committee to mote, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will* Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of -Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Distillery from Wheat and Wheat Flour being already prohibited by Law, to extend that Prohibition, at present, to the Distillery from Barley and Malt would not tend materially towards reducing the Price of Corn.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1773, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present State of the Corn Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they hadcomctofeveralResolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Wheat imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat is at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Wheat imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Wheat in this Kingdom shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per hundred Weight be laid upon ali Wheat Flour imported into this Kingdom, when 3

the Price of Wheat in this Kingdom shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Exportation of Wheat from this Kingdom* when the Price of Wheat shall be at or above Forty-four Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Duties now payable upon Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye in this Kingdom is at or above Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Duty of Three Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Rye imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye in this Kingdom shall be at or above Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Rye from this Kingdom, when the Price of Rye shall be at or above Twenty-eight Shillings pa Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Barley imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley in this Kingdom is at or above Twenty-four Shillings pa Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter be laid upon all Barley imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley in this Kingdom shall be at or above Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Barley from this Kingdom, when the Price of Barley shall be at or above Twenty-two Shillings per Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Oats imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats in this Kingdom is at or above Eighteen Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Duty of Two Pence pa Quarter be laid upon all Oats imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats in this Kingdom shall be at or above Eighteen Shillings pa Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Oats from this Kingdom, when the Price of Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings pa Quarter, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, when the Price of Oats of the Growth of this Kingdom shall be under Sixteen Shillings pa Quarter, a Bounty, not exceeding Two Shillings for every Quarter of Oats, be allowed, upon the Exportation of Oats and Oatmeal from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounties now allowed by Law, upon the Exportation of the several Species of Corn and Grain, be continued to be allowed and made payable upon all Corn and Grain, which shall be exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon all Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Barley, and Oats, which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and which shall be exported again thereout, there shall be drawn back any and all such Duty and Duties as shall have been paid on the Importation of such Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Barley, and Oats, into Great Britain; such Drawback to be demanded and paid under such Rules and Regulations as Drawbacks in Cafes, of the like Nature are drawn back and paid.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, wete, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordaed, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr.

13 Geo III. u6 — 140

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr.

Turner, Sir Edward AJllthe Lord Mr. Pen±

nant, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Bagot, Mr. Pulteney, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Whitbread, Sir Edward Blackett, Mr.

Dempster, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Burke, Mr. Mr.

De Grey, Colonel Saint Leger, Mr. Fuller, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir John Turner, Mr. Brickdale, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

West India The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Colonies, whole House, to consider of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14

Anno 13® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the to Bills. /\ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the 1 Ioufe, at the De -fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of Grafton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Talbot, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as follow; viz.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, £eale, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and

Vol. 34.

Decembris* 3 5

Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a limited Time:

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland,

for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the " British Dominions in America, for a limited Time

An 'Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of " Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greafeand to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That St. Vincent’s, their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House* had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Malt, Sec. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1773, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1773.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry to the Martin’s Lords the ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Francis Nlt* Martin-, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Custom-the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; ^ountsj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into ,the Port of London, from the First Day of January 1760 to the First Day of January 1766; together with the Amount of the Duty thereon, and distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice exported from the Port of London, from the lft Day of January 1760 to the 1 ft Day of January 1766, together with the Amount of the Duty drawn back; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Donatus CPBrien, of Blatherwick, in the Laxton County of Northampton, Esquire, was presented to the Indofuro. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Blatherwick, and Proprietor of the greater Part of the Estates there; and that all the Lands and Grounds in Blatherwick are inclosed, except about 164 Acres, Part whereof lie dispersed and intermixed with the Open Field Lands in Laxton, in the said County, but are in the said Manor and Parish of therwick.; and that about 149 Acres, Part of the said 164 Acres, are the Property of the Petitioner, and the

Residue

3 6 t4° Decembris. A. 1772*

Residue thereof are Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Blatherwick; and the Rector of Blather wick aforesaid, for the Time being, in Right of his Redtory, is intitled to all the Tithes yearly arising from the said 149 Acres; and that, at the Time of fencing so much of Blatherwick as is now inclosed,a large Freeboard was left open and uninclosed next Laxton Field, which is the Property of the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner has been informed, there is a Bill depending, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, within the Parish of , whereby it

is intended to divide and inclose the said 164 Acres, and the said Freeboard, as Part of, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Laxton; and that, unless the Petitioner’s Right is inserted in the said Bill, and Power given to the Commissioners to allot a proper Quantity of Land to the Petitioner, and the Rector of Blather-wick aforesaid, for their respective Rights and Interests in the said 164 Acres, and for their respective Rights of Common thereto belonging, and such Allotment taken as Part of the Petitioner’s Manor of Blatherwick, and also as Part of the Rectory and Parish of Blatherwick aforesaid, the Petitioner will be deprived of Part of his Right as Lord of the said Manor of Blatherwick, and the Rectory and Parish of Blatherwick aforesaid will be lessened, by which Means the Residue of the Petitioner’s Estate there will be liable to pay a greater Proportion of Rates and Taxes than they ought to do: And therefore praying, That proper Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Allotments to be made to the Petitioner and the said Rector may be contiguous to the rest of the Petitioner’s Estates in BlatJierwick aforesaid; and that the Petitioner

may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Censideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, within the Parish of Laxton, in the County of Northampton, is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Gravesend A Petition of the several Persons w'hose Names are Paving, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, and Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the aforesaid Town and Parishes is a principal Maritime Port, and resorted to -by Merchants, Owners of Ships and Vessels, People going Abroad, and divers Persons who have Connections in the Shipping Business; and that the Streets of the said Town and Parishes are very badly paved, are in a ruinous Condition, and not cleansed or lighted, and are rendered incommodious by many Annoyances and Incroachments therein; and that it will tend greatly to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all Persons resorting thither, if the said Streets were properly paved, cieanled, and lighted, and kept free from Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, keeping in Repair, cleansing, and lighting, the Street, the West Street, and the East Street, being the principal Streets within the said Town and Parishes; and also for lighting all other the Streets within the same; and for other the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and with such proper Clauses, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Piercy Brett, Sue.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Upwell cution an Act of Parliament, made in the 22d Year of Drainage; the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell, and Outwell, and the Parishes of Denver and in the

Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and of several other Owners arid Occupiers of the said Fen Lands, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commissioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have also borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; which, together with the Money raised by Assessments upon the said Lands, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Engines, and other Works erected for draining and improving the said Lands, are become insufficient for the welldraining the fame; and that the present Tax has been found too little, for keeping the said Works in Repair, and in defraying other necessary Expences attending the fame; and that other and larger Engines and Works (besides the Maintenance of those already made) are necessary for the well draining and Preservation of the said Fen Lands; and that the said Act is in other Respects insufficient for the Purposes for which it was intended:

Ancj therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying such farther Tax upon she said Fen Lands, for the Purposes aforesaid, and for render- ing the said Act more effectual for the draining and improving of the said Fen Lands, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward AJiley, Mr. Hart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1773, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Ccfs, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Onfloiv, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to Affairs — the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Secrft Com* tioners are informed, by the Votes, that, in pursuance

of

13 Geo. III. 146 — 15'

of a Report from the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; it was ordered. That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to restrain the East India Company; for a Time to be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for lupetintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Pivlidencies in the East Indus \ and that the Petitioners cannot help considering i’uch a Bill as subversive of those Rights which they hold under their Charter; the original Privileges of which; and the Continuation thereof! have been purchased by their Predecessors from the Public for a valuable Consideration, and repeatedly confirmed by several Acts of Parliament; the Provisions of which the Petitioners are not in any Degree conscious of having violated; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be their undoubted legal Right to send out any Persons, whom they judge proper, to enforce and execute such Regulations, agreeable to the Power of their Charters, as the said Company shall think necessary for the good Government of their several Settlements in India, or for correcting such Abul'cs as may have prevailed therein; and that the present State of Affairs in India appears to the Petitioners to be such, as requires many new Orders and Regulations to be speedily sent out; as well for restraining exorbitant and unnecessary Expences, as for correcting other Abuses; and it has been found, Upon Examination; that Savings riiay be made in the several Settlements and Presidencies of the Company, to the Amount of many Hundred Thousand Pounds; and that, under thele Circumstances, the Petitioners have thought it necessary to chuse certain Commissioners, who appeared to thent to be qualified for so important aTruft; and to grant them a Commission, with extraordinary Powers, for carrying into Effect such Regulations, and enforcing such Savings, as have been, or shall be, deemed necessary and expedient; and reprei'enting to the House; that the Grounds of the Calculation of Expences, upon which (according to the Report of the Secret Committee) the present Bill proceeds to restrain the Petitioners in the Eiertife of their legal Rights, Appears to the Petitioners to be incomplete and erroneous; and they are confident; if their Affairs had been examined in a public Mahner, agreeable to the Genius of this happy Constitution, whereby the Petitioners (as well as the particular Pecfons who are so deeply affected by the present Bill, should it pass into a Law) might have an Opportunity of attending to their several I nterefts, that the Members of the Committee would have made a Report very different from that which has appeared} and that, as the Expences of the Commission are intended to be defrayed from a Part of the Savings pro*-posed to be made thereby, such Expences, the Petitioners apprehend, cannot in any Degree injure the Creditors of the said Company *, but, on the contrary, fnuft tend to their Advantage, more ei'pecially as the Petitioners are determined to proportion them, with the most exact CEconomy, to the present Circumstances of their Affairs; and that the Petitioners intreat the House to consider the dangerous Cdniequences of such x Bill to the Credit of the Company, which, by preventing them from taking the necessary Steps for the Arrangement of their Affairs, may deprive them of the Means of fulfilling their Engagements to the Public-: The Petitioners therefore claim the Benefit of the Law of the Land, and the public Faith of the Nation, for the "free Enjoyment and Exercise of the Rights and Powers which they hold under their Charter; and pray. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, as tending to restrain or suspend what appears to them to be the legal Operation of those Rights and Powers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vol. 34.

Decetoibris. 5 7

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will; Td-morrow Morning; resolve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order; a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1773: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices arid Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Sir Charles /Vhitw&rth and Mr. Gdrth do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mdrriing; resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom; from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time to be limited.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon W'ednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

then the House adjourned till To-morrdw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 15* die Decembris;

Artrio 13* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1772. Eraters.

SIR fVilliani Do/ben reported from the Committae,

to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common and Open Fields, within the Parjlh of Laxton, in the County of Northampton, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of Donatus O'Brien, of Blatherwick, in the County of Northampton,

Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ware agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Maimers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River 'Trent, which runs by the L Towp

Marirv at\d

Defei liou.

Land Tax.

Offices and Employments.

Rice.

Ways and Means.

Supply:

Laxton

Inclostirer

Trent

Navigation*

Gpogk

Bourton Inclosure.

Innkeepers.

Corn.

Turnips,

&c.

38 15 Q Decembris.A. 1772.

Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition of Samuel Ingram, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Bourton on the Water, in the County of -cester, Philip Woodman, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Clapton on the Hill in the Parish of Bourton on the Water, aforesaid, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietorsol Lands within the said Manors respectively, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided, and allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests, it would be a Benefit to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jofcpk Mawbey, Sir William GuiJ'e, Mr. Southwell, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

A Petition of the Innkeepers of the City of Wor-eester was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Distress the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Dragoons and Horses; and praying the House to take the Complaints of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief-as shall seem most expedient for His Majesty’s Service, and the Ease of His Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pownall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 23d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue several Laws, for the " better regulating of Pilots, for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Ifie of up

" the Rivers of Thames and Medway', and for permitting

Rumor Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to be " landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon;

and to continue and amend an Act for preventing " Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City " and Liberty of Wefimhifter, and several Parishes near 4i thereunto; and to continue several Laws, for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon

" the River Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the " Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; and hw " the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of " an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King " George the First, as relates to the better Preservation " of Salmon in the River Ribble; and to regulate Fees in Trials at Assizes and Nisi Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Office of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons, in any " County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices " of the Peace, in any other County or Place; and to " repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year " of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to " the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be " kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long " Time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for " the future; and to prevent the stealing or destroying " of Turnips; and to amend an Act, made in the Second " Year of His present Majesty, for better Regulation of " Attornies and Solicitors," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as relates to the preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Sir Edward Bayntun, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1773, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, Thomas of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Ton-bridge Wells, in the said County, Carpenter, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter-of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered-it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the nth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and " Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs by keeping and carrying Gunpowder " in too large Quantities," was read: — And

Mr. John Cornford, being examined, said, That pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, Messrs. Hooker, Swayne, and Moon, had applied to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, in their General Quarter Sessions holden at Maidstone, in and fc?r the Western Division of the said County, in 1771 (after giving Notice, in the Parish Church of Tonbridge, of such their intended Application, as by the said Act directed) for Leave to erect a Mill and Magazine at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the said County, for the Purposes of making and keeping Gunpowder;

Marine

Forces.

Land Tax.

Battel

Gunpowder

Mill.

0 Decembris.

13 Geo. III. 150- — 1

and that it being made appear to the said Justices in their Quarter Sessions, that the Place where it was intended to erect the said Mill and Magazine, was lb situated, that it was not possible, in case of a Misfortune, that any Injury should happen to the Lives or Properties of any of His Majesty’s Subjects, except those employed or concerned in the said Works; and no Person appearing to oppose the said Application, the above-named Persons obtained a Licence to erect a Mill and Magazine for nuking and keeping Gunpowder in the said Place.

That the said Persons carried their Design into Execution, and expended between £. 2,000 and £. 3,000 in erecting and furnishing their Mill and Magazine.

Then an Act, passed, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Making, Keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great " tain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any " of those Purposes," was read; whereby it appeared,

that the, making of Gunpowder in a Mill called a Pestle Mill is prohibited, with an Exception, that nothing in the Act contained should extend to the Mills at that Time erected in the Parishes of Battel, Crowhurst, Seddlefcomb, and Brede, in the Coun-

ty of Sufj'ex: — And the Witness further said. That the said Mill at Old Forge Farm is a Pestle Mill, and has always been employed in making such fine fowling Gunpowder, as is known by the Name of Battel Powder, and none other — That the Proprietors of the said Mill, not being apprized of the passing of the said last mentioned Act, could not apply for an Exception in their Favour, limilar to that obtained by the Proprietors of the other Mills therein named, as they certainly would have done, had the same come to their Knowlege.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable ‘Thomas Hooker, of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, Thomas Swayne, of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Tonbridge Wells, in the said County, Carpenter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue to work a certain Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Anthony Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mutiny and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Ddieruon. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Penryn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Lemon, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of fiendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

yot-34-

39

Reading of the Bill to restrain the India Company, I"*1'* for a Time to be limited, from making any Appoint1-ment of Commissioners for superintending and regulat- mUtee. ing the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Rising, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 16° d Decembris;

Anno 13® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing Laxton

the Common and Open Fields within the Parish of Indofur*. Laxton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields of Laxton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for improving and completing the Trent Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which Navigation, runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crank-leys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 4 be, An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham to a Place called The Crank-leys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Manners do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence. r

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub- Little feribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commonable Grounds, and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefor* praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Refir ictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered,

40 i 69 Decembris. . 1772.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Bane, Sir Robert Bernard, and the Lord Mayor of London, do prepare, and bring in," the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Vidal’s, tec.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Nat‘ for naturalizing Enteric Vidal, Philippe Rivier, and Abraham Favenc; without any Amendment: And also,

D’Aigre- ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mont» Nat. for naturalizing Paul D’; without any Amendment: And also,

Moner’s 'J he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat‘ naturalizing Ifaad Morierto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

_ And then the Messengers withdrew.

Forces* Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine c Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee'of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Morer’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mutiny and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

Desertion. ftom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place4 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were OnCe read throughout; and then a . Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Gravfefend Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Paving, to whom t'he Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, and Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Town and Parishes of Gravsfend and Milton, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Kiddermaster, being examined, said. That the said Town and Parishes of and Milton is

a principal Maritime Port, necessarily resorted to by Merchants, Owners of Ships, Persons going Abroad, and others having Connections in Shipping Business.

That the' High Street, Eafi Street, and West. Street,

within the said Town and Parishes, are badly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and the said Streets are rendered very incommodious by Annoyances and Incroachments; and the several other Streets are not properly lighted, and are also very incommodious by Annoyances and Ihcroachments.

That if the said High Street, East Street, and Street, were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and _

all Annoyances and Incroachments therein removed, and the other Streets lighted and kept free from Annoyances and Incroachments, it would tend greatly to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants, and of all Persons resorting thereto; but that the same cannot be dene without the Authority of Parliament.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. James Red* maine, Mr. William Fry, and Mr. George St. Lo Man.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street, East.

Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Town- _ shend, and Mr. Cadogan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Ta* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1773, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be anlnstruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the'

Year 1771, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1773.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hinv to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Rice, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com--mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House w»yS and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -to

consider

15 Ge6. III. D 41

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j East India The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Affaire — whole House, upon the Bill to retrain the East India Company, for a Time to be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report.be received Tomorrow ^Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. 1

Jovis, ij° die.

Anno 13* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1772.

Prayers,

Cora: /ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the

_ Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importa-. tion and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Land Tax. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1773, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mutiny and An ingrossed Bill for punishingMutiny and Desertion, ijofcrtion. and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the' House Marine to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, l orccJ' upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Battel cording to Order, a Bill to enable 'Thomas Hooker, of Go"??Ivd<rr Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, Thomas Swayne, of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Tonbridge Welti, in the said County, Carpenter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue to work a certain Pestle Mill, heretofore employ* ed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in -the County of Kent: And the fanie was received^ and read the l'irft Time!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Rice, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Harley, according to Order, reported East India from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the East India Company, for a Time to eCmiitee°m" be limited, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, ftnd then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition* -at the Third Reading of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning/ if the said Bill shall be then in* grossed.

Ordered, That Major John Grant do attend this House M Tomorrow

Bast India Affair* — Secret Committee.

Com and Provisions.

Land Tax.

Rice.

43

Tomorrow Morning, at the Third Heading of the Cud Bill.

Ordered, That George Camming, Esquire, do attend

this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Peter Lafceilesy Esquire, do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Michie, Esquire, do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Daniel Wier, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hoole do attend this House; at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rans/ord do attend thii

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Wilks do attend this House, at the same Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company r and for that Purpose to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Com* pany, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs > together with thiir Observations thereupon; acquainted the House, That the Committee had made forqe Progress in the Matter to them referred j and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto,' in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read*

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. The laid Report being ordered to be printed, by a subsequent Order Of the House, made upon the 23d Day of this Instaht December, the fame, together with a printed Copy thereof, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday the *8th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further -of the present high Price of Com and Provisions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 18° die Dtctmbris J

Anno 13* Georgii IIItM Regi6, 177a.

t

Prayer*. '

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1773, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for tic Service of the Year 1773.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper fio carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a further Time, to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from ^ny of His Majesty’s Colonies

17* — 18* Decembiis.

'A. 177*2,

in America, for a limited Time; and for encouraging the making of Starch from Rice.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wkttvootth do catty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen,' Merchants, Traders, Leeds and and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Selby Canal. Hull, Beverley, Wakefield ', Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford,

Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wether by,

Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond,

Malt on, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read j,

Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys

lately takei), that k Cut,.or Canal, for the Navigation

of Boats, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may

be conveniently made, ftdm the Leeds and Liverpool

Canal Navigation, at or near Water Lane, in the Town-

Chip of Holbeck> near Leeds, over the River Air, within

the Township of Methley, to the River Ouse, at or near

Selby, through the several Parishes, Townships, Districts*

or Places, of Holbeck, Leeds, Huiiflett,

forfi, Oultpn, Swillmgton, Methley, Ledfione,

Ledfome, Fairburn, Brotherton, Burton, Salmon Monk Fryftone, Hambleton, Wiflow, Selby, and Barlby,

in the said County; and that the same will open a short, easy, and commodious. Communication, between the said Town of Leeds, and the several Townships, Districts,

or Places, through or near which the said Cut, or Canal, is intended to be made, and the interior Parts of the County of York, and the several Trading Towns adjacent to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and the Ports of Hull and Liverpool i Which will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures carried on between or near the above Ports and Places, aa4 be. of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the said Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouse, at or near aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House ' shall feertt meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it thalf appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and ail who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Marine Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for. ^0fce*' the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the'

Committee had made to the Bill > and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiorx severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be / ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Westminfle* to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Paving, in Execution the several Acts, passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as

it

Coro.

Malt.

Martin’s ' Nat.

13 Geo. III. 18° Decembris.

43

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. George Box, Clerk to the said Commissioners, being examined* said. That many Inconveniencies arise from the Acts not being reduced into One; as Persons frequently look into wrong Acts, and regulate their Conduct by such Clauses as are repealed or varied: That many Doybts have arise n in regard to the placing of Signs, as the Words in the Act that requires them to be " fixed on the Fronts of Houses" are liable to many Interpretations; and that under those Words many Signs have been improperly placed t

That t he Penalty upon breaking Lamps is inadequate to the Damage; and that Persons evade the Punishment upon causing Nuisances, as the Acts require Six Hoiirs Notice to be given for removing the m} and it is common to remove them within that Time, upon such Notice being given, and immediately replace them;

And that the said Acts are in many other Respects defective.

Mr. David Forrejier, Surveyor of the Pavements, and Mr. John Marquand, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed in His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and other

Parts in the said Act mentioned: And that Sir Char lei Whitworth, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Mr. Pownall, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Grey, and General Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. CuddOn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Serv ice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; without any Amendment t And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Co on,<,‘ consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Meant, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply,

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Ball India Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to restrain Affairs-, the East India Company, for a Time to be limited, from mittee.0"

making any Appointment of Commissioners for superin-tending and regulating the Company’s Affairs, at their Presidencies in the East Indies',

The Counsel against the Bill were Called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Petition; and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill,

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Toilers for the Y^r.O^, \Hi.

Tellers for the } *«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited Time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs, at their Presidencies in the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to tha Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "r". the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, irt the room of Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and

Bonenham, in the County of Bucking.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luiue,

Land Tax.

London-

Chamber-

Iain’s

Accounts.

Turnips,

&c.

Northampton

Writ.

Ham Roads.

44 21° Decembris. 1772.

Luti<e>210 die;

Anno 13° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1772.

Prayer si

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Helford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy‘-three j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. William Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5 th of July 1772: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid for building a Bridge at Black Fryars, from 28th September 1771 to 28th September 1772: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, from 28th September 1771 to 28th September 1772: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid for repairing the Royal Exchange, from 28th September 1771 to 28th September 1772: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid for embanking Part of the River Thames, from 28th September 1771 to 28th September 1772: And also.

An Account of the Money received, and paid for the better paving, cleansing, and enlighting, the City of London, from 28th September 1771 to 28th September 1772: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid on Account of the Tolls upon London and Black Fryars Bridges, from the 29 September 1771 to the 29 September 1772.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots: And the same was received , and read the FirH Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northampton, in the room of Sir Edmund Isham, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the I louie, and read 5 Setting forth. That the Roads leading from Ham, through Petersham, to Richmond, in the said County, are much out of Repair, incommodious, and unsafe for Passengers; and that it would tend to the Benefit, Safety, and Convenience of the Petitioners, and all Pfrfons making use of the said Roads, if the same were -amended, and kept in good Repair, and some

Provision made for lighting and watching the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Cockburne, Mr. Ewer, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 22d Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 22d Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 2 2d Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Snell do attend the said Committee, upon Friday the 22d Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Oliver Nugent do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ward do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Wido attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Walker do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Sussex, in the room of the honourable Charles James Fox, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<H for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called the Upper

Wear,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

West India ' Colonies.

Midhurst

Writ.

Morier*

Nat.

Trent

Navigation.

13 Geo. III. 2i° — -23° Decembris. 45.

Luton

ladofaie.

Offices and Employments.

Battel

Gunpowder

Mill.

Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Not-

tingham, to a Place called The Crank leys, in the Parish of South Mti/iham, in the said County; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields of Lax-ton, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Thomas H, of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, Esquire, Thomas Swayne, of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Tonbridge Wells, in the said County, Carpenter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue to work a certain Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County Kent; was read a Second Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Hotham,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sip Francis Moly* Roy*| nettx. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod *. t# *

Mi*. Speaker,

The Xing commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Pfeers; where His Majesty was pleased to gi ve the Royal Afient to the (event!

Public and Private Bills following; vh.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three:

An Act for naturalizing Paul D ’

An Act for naturalizing Emetic Vidal, Philippe Ri-vier, and Abraham Favenc:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Francis Martin.

An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Forct8-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore-

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defiro their Concurrence.

Sited. Mr. Pownall reported from the Committee appointed to examine the several Laws now in being, relative to the Assize of Bread, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him tore-port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; vh.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Magistrates were by Law permitted (when and where they shall think fit to set an Assize on Bread) to introduce again, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, the old Standard Bread, made of Flour, which is the whole Produce of the Wheat (the said Flour weighing, on an Average, Three Fourths of the Weight of the Wheat whereof it is made) it would tend to prevent many Inconveniencies, which have arisen in the Assize and Making of Bread for Sale.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Columnscakulated for theWheaten Bread, in the now repealed Tables of the Act of the Eighth of Queen Arne, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Price and

Assize of Bread," wo.uld be the proper Assize for the hud Standard Wheaten Bread; and that the Twelve Penny Loaf of this Standard Wheaten Bread, containing the whole Flour of the Wheat (the said Flour weighing, on an Average, Three Fourths of the Weight of the said Wheat) would, upon a Medium, contain One Pound of Bread in Eight mote than the Twelve Penny Loaf of the present Wheaten Bread, made under the Act of the Thirty-first of the Second.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Friday the 2 2d Day of January next.

Ordered, That such a Humber of Copies of the said Report, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papets of this Session.

AT. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Vet. 34.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hb Warrant to Berk* Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EJefting of a Knight of the Shire to fenre in thil present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Thomas Craven, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit,23° die Decembr$

Ann© 13* Georgii IUtW Regis, 177*.

PRAYKRS.

THE Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- War Office. Riant to their Address to His Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to hb Excellency lieutenant General Gage, <th May 1772:

And also,

Copy of Secretary at War’s Letter to the Apothecary General, 2d September 17721 And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Barrington to Governor Leybourne, 8th September 1772: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Barrington to Lieutenant Colonel Dalrymple, of the 14th Regiment of Foqt,

29th Septembers772: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Barrington to Major General Dalrymple, 29th September 1772: And also.

Copy of Lord Barrington’s Letter to the Earl of Rockford, 30th September 1772: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Barrington to Governor Leybourne, Grenada, 30th September 1772: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Chamier to the Commanding Officer of the 6th Regiment, t& October 1772-:

And also,

Copy of Mr. Chamier't Letter to John Trotter,

Esquire, 13th October 1772.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N The

Secretary of State's Office.

230 Decembris. A. 1)7:2.

The House being informed that Mr. Knox, from the 27. Extra# of a Letter from Governor to the

Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of Earl of , dated 5th July 1770: And also, *.

State, attended at the Door; he was called in 5 and, at 28. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- to Governor , dated 3d 1770: And also,

dress to His Majesty, 29. Extra# of a Letter from the President of the

N° 1. Copy of the Memorial of William Young, Island of Saint Vincent to Governor Melvill, dated 21st Esquire, First Commissioner for the Sale of Lands in August 1770: And also,

the Ceded Islands, to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 30. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for the I ith April 1767: And also. Sale of Lands in the Ceded Blands to the Lords of the

2. Copy of Instru#ions from the Lords of the Trea- Treasury, dated 9th November 1770: And also,

fury.to the Commissioners for the Sale of Lands in the 31. Copy of an Address of the Council and Assembly Ceded Islands: And also, of Saint Vincent's to the King: And also,

3. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Shelburne to 32. Copy ofan Address and Memorial of the Council Governor Melvill, dated 18th January 1768: And also, and Assembly of Saint Vincent's to the King: And also,

4. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fitz- .33. Copy of a Letter from Governor Ley bourne to

maurice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 18th December the Earl of dated 30th November 1771 j

1768: And also, inclosing,

5. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fitz- 34. Copy of an intercepted Letter from the Go-maurice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated nth May vernor of Saint Lucia to the ChambbeesAnd

1769: inclosing, also,

6. Copy of a Letter from William Young, Esquire, 35. Copy of the Report of Mr. Maitland, and other

to the President of St. Vincent's, dated iff May Persons concerned in the Island of Saint Vincent, to the 1769. „ Earl of And also,

7. Copy of a Letter from the President of St. Vin- 36. Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for the

cent's to Lieutenant Governor Fitzmaurice, dated Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands to the Lords of the 3d May 1769: And also, Treasury, dated 16th October 1771: And also,

8. Copy of a.Letter from Richard Maitland, Esquire, 37. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Agent for the Ceded Islands, to the Earl of Hillsborough, the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 16th April 1772: dated nth July 1769; inclosing; And also,

9. Copy of the Memorial of Richard Maitland, 38. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to Esquire, dated nth July 1769. Lord Viscount dated 16th 1772: And

to. Copy of an Address Of the Council and Af- also, fetnbly of St. Vincent’s to the King: And also, 39. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to <

11. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough Governor Leybourne, dated 18th April 1772, marked to Lieutenant Governor Fitzmaurice, dated 17 th July " Separate and Secretinclosing,

17691 And also, 40.. Copy of the Treaty with Captain Cudjoe, &c.

12. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough dated iff March 173^: And also,

to Lieutenant Governor Fitzmaurice, dated 4th August . 41. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to 1769: And also. Lieutenant General Gage, dated 18th April 1772: And

13. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fitz-also, .;

maurice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 10th June 42. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to 1769 j inclosing. Govern dated 6th 1772: And also, .

14. Copy of a Proclamation issued by the Lieute- 43. Copy of a Letter from Governor Leybourne to nant Governor, the 10th June 1769: And also, the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 25th August 1772; in-

15. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Graham, President doling, of Grenada, to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 5th July44. Extra# of a Letter from Chief Engineer 1769: And also, don to Governor Leybourne, dated 2.1st August

: 16.Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor 1772.

Fitzmaurice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 30th Au~ Together with a List of the said Papers,

gust^r]S<FlAnd also, . And then he withdrew.

17. Eifcra# of a Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough And she said Lift was read- I

to Lieutenant Governor Fitzmaurice, dated 4th Novem- Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, her 1769: - And also, to be perused by the Members of the Ho.use. „

18. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Mr. Pow- The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other

#tf//i date<l November 1769a And also, . Papers of this Session.

19. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fitz- Ordered, That the said Papers, together with the Pa-

mauxice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 24th September pers this Day presented to the House by the Lord Bar-1769; inclosing, 1 riugton, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the

20. Copy of Ordejrs for the Masters of the Armed 27th Day of January next,

-.J iSJVessels.

21. Gopy of the Deposition of John Jfuinland: Resolved, That an humble Address be /presented to St. Vincent’s.

..And also, His Majesty That He will, be graqiously pleased to

22. Copy of the Memorial of the Proprietors of Lands give Dire#ions, thajt there be laid before this House, a

in , St. Vincent's to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 22d Copy of such P^rts of the Instru#ions given to Govern

January 1770: And also, nor , as relate to the Caribbee Indians on the

23. Copy of the Representation of the Board of Bland of Saint Vincent -, together with a Copy ..of the Trade to the King, dated 29th March 1770.: inclosing,: Proclamation published by Governor. Melvill, in that

24. Extra# of a Letter from the Commissioners for Island, in Consequence of those Instru#ions. t- .; thie Sale of Lands in the CedecP Islands to the Ordered, That the said Address, be presented, to His '

Lords of Trade, dated 26th July 1769: And also; Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

25. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fitz- Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. maurice to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated 12th February

1770: And also, OThat Lieutenant General do attend Persons to 26. Extra# of a Letter from the Eatl of Hillsborough this House upon Wednesday the 27th pay of January attend,

to Governor Melvill, dated 21st April 1770.: And also, next.

Ordered,

Harwich

Writ.

Poor.

Mutiny and Defeition.

Rice.

Marine

Forces.

Neuman’s

Nat.

Costom-

House

Accounts.

13 Geo. III. V,\- 130 D&„ 47

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Trapaad dd attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Fletcher do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Farquhar do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Ross do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of Charles , Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath acceptedthe Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay-master General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Mr. Dowdcfwell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a limited Time; and for encouraging the making of Starch from Rice; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Corn, imported into

England, since the 20th of May 1772 to the 30th of November following, inclusive; distinguishing the Countries from whence, and the Ports into which, the same have been'imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into England, since the 1 ft Day of January 1772 to 30th November following; together with an Account of the Quantity of Rice exported from England, since the ift Day of January 1772 to 30th November following, that has paid the Subsidy of Six Pence in the Pound, on Reexportation: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Oats imported into England, since the ift Day of January 1772 to the 30th of November following; distinguishing the Countries from whence the same have been imported.

Yol. 34.

* And then he withdrew/.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon , the Tab It, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- East India port, which, upon Thursday last, was made from the' s^irtfCoin-Committee of Secrecy (appointed to enquire into the eC^ittee°m" State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) together with the Appendix thereto, be printed, as shall be sufficiAit for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an hurtible Address be presented to St.Vincent^. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Treaty between the French and English Settlers in the West India Islands, and the Caribbee Indians df St. Lucia and St. Vincent'%,made in the Year 1660; together with a Copy of a Treaty of Bargain and Sale for the Island of St. Lucia, made in the Year 1663, between the English and the Garibbee Indians of the island of St. Vincent's, and the Account sent Home of the Expedition against. the Caribbee Indians of St. Vincent's, in the Year 1686.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Houses, gwlnetbead Toftsteads, and inclosed Lands, within the Parishes of indofure.

Swineshead and Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Swineshead, certain Plots, or Parcels of Fen Land, known by the Names of Hill

Hum, Part of Great SnteethHall, Part of the Common Rakes, and Part of Far Castle Holme,' Part of Brand End, and Part of the Rujhes, Part of the Fore Fen Ru/hes and Creaffey Plot, and the Whole of First Costle Holme, and Part of the Fore Fen, and a certain Plot, of Parcel of Land, called Side croft Cominon, containing together in the Whole about 2,095 Acres, on which the Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, and Inclosed Land, within the Parish of Swineshead, have Right of Common; and that there is also, in and near to the said Parish of Swineshead, another Plot, or Parcel of Fen Land, known by the Name of Wigtoft Marsh, containing about 450 Acres, on which the Proprietors of Houses, Toftsteads, and Inclosed Lands, within the said Parishes, have Right of Common; and that the said several Plots, or Parcels of Land, lie at a great Distante from the Houses, Toftsteads, and UiClofed Lands, of the Proprietors, and are inconvenient to the several Occupiers thereof; and that it would be a great Improvement to the Estates of the said Proprietors, and of public Benefit, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Plots-, or Parcels of Fen Land, and other Commonable Places; in such Manner, and under such Regulations, a* to the House shall seem meet. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for

23° — 24° Decembris. — 198 1772-3.

48

Neuman’* for naturalising John Gottlob was read the First

Nat- Time.

Rtjbfved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 240

Anno 130 Georgii III*U Regis, 1772. Prayers.

m

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr* Pec bell:

Mr. Speaker,

India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SecrMCom- to rc^ra"1 the East India Company, for a limited Time, m;nfT from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Morier’* Mr. George Bridges B reported from the Com-Nat. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refihed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Frantss Mnfyneux, Gentleman to Bills, Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

%"he Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to reveral Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Haute of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Define of th!e Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to sevenil Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterburythe Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of Grafton, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as foilow-fth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertiorl, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for a limited Time; and for encou-

raging the making of Starch from Rice:

An Act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited Time, from making any Appointment of Commissioners for superintending and regulating the Company’s Affairs at their Presidencies in the East Indies:

An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of that Branch of the River Trent, which runs by the Town of Newark upon Trent, from a Place called The Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place called The Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkham, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields of Laxton, in the County of Northampton.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Three Weeks, the 19th Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Marti* , 19* die Januarii;

Anno 13* Georgii III'1* Regis 1773.

Prayers.

f'TT'HE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, St. Vincent’s I That their Addrefe of Wednesday the 13d Day of December last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of such Parts of the Instructions given to Governor Mehill, as relate to the Caribbee Indians on the Island of Saint Vincent's \ together with a Copy of the Proclamation published by Governor Mehill in that Island, in Consequence of those Instructions) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He willgive Directions accordingly.

The Lord Hinchingbrook also reported to the House,

That their Address of Wednesday the 23d Day of December last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Treaty between the French and English Settlers in the West India Islands, and the Caribbee Indians of St. Lucia and St. Vincent's, made in the Year 1660; together with a Copy of a Treaty of Bargain and Sale for the Island of St. , made in the Year 1663, between the English and the Caribbee Indians of the Island of St. Vincent's.', and the Account sent Home of the Expedition against the Caribbee Indians of St. Vincent's, in tire Year 1686) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkmfon be added to the Com- East India mittee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State Affairs — of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to Sec^t^om" inspect the Books and Accqunts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs j together with their Observations thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Coventry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament

13 Geo. III. 190

49

ment for the City of C,in the County of Warwick, in the room of Sir Richard Glyn, Baronet, deceased.

Tardebigg A Petition of the Right honourable Other Lewis inclosure. Earl of Plymouth, and the humble Petition of George Boulton, William Callow, James Moor, William Lucas, and William Sheward, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselvesand others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act passed, for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Commonable Grounds, and Wade, called Redditch Common and Web-heath, situate in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg, which lies in the County of Worcester, an-J for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners thereby appointed gave Notice, pursuant to the said Act, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting; but for Want of a sufficient Number of Commissioners, no Meeting could be had, nor any regular Adjournment made to another Day; and that the said Commissioners did, pursuant to further Notice given for that Purpose, meet on Monday the 8th Day of July, at the Place appointed by such Notice, and proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have, by their Award duly executed, caused the said Lands to be divided and allotted, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act; and that, the First Meeting of the Commissioners not being held within Two Months next after the passing the said Act, as thereby directed, a Doubt hath arilen, whether the Award so made and executed by the said Commissioners is binding upon the Parties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for obviating all such Doubts, and for confirming and establishing the Award and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswelland Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Everthorpe A Petition of Christophe Bethett, Esquire, Lord of lndoiurc. the Manor of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, and also the most considerable Owner of and in the several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Open or uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe aforesaid, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Knight, Robert Burton, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe aforesaid, there are several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Open or Uninclosed Grounds, which are computed to contain in the Whole about Five hundred Acres; and that the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a Benefit to all Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting, the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Sir William Codrington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 34.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Esquire, James Cookson, East Clerk, John Dudding, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of East Cottingwith, in the Parish of Aughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open and Common Fields, and Uninclosed Meadows, wherein the Lands of the respective Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed; and there is also within the said Township an x extensive Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir William Codrington, and Sir James Pennyman, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers, Alehouse-keepers, and Gloucester Victuallers, of and in the City of Gloucester, was pre- Innkeeper*, fented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hard ships the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers: And therefore praying the House will take the Complaints of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.'

A Petition of John Charles Crowle, Esquire, Impro- Goxhill priator of the Great Tithes arising and renewing within Indofore. the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln, and John Skelton, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish and Parish Church of Goxhill aforesaid, and of John Uppleby and William Hildyard, Esquires, and other Proprietors of Lands, within the Parish of Goxhill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the Manors and Parish of Goxhill aforesaid, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, and Common Pastures, containing together 7,000 Acres and upwards; and that the Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing of the Common Fields and Common Pastures in the Parish of Goxhill aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to*bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Apd that Mr. Norton and Mr. Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

O Mtrcvrii,

Navy

EAimates.

50 20° Jcmuarii. 1773.

Mercurii, 20* Januarii;

Anno 13° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773-Prayers.

MR. Bailer, from the Commissioners for executing the - Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pretented to the House, pursuant to their Ad* dress to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1773: And alto.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of W_ear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1773;

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth} viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 17 73.,

N*

i. Tb the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, (Be. Commissioners of the Navy, with the f.

Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instrunients, and Contingencies relating thereto - 46,212

s.

8 t

£. d.

2. Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 20,524 9 2

3. Pensions and other Allowances - 5,826167

4-

5.

6.

7-

8.

9-

Yards.

1 Chatham Deptford Woolwich Portsmouth Sheerness Plymouth

3>295 1 6

3,142 11 4

2,520 8 8

4,054 14 6

1,813 4 6

3>245 9 6

10. Muster Masters and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Mooring and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, (Be. - -- --....

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

26,351 5 9

18,071 10 — 5,410 16 11 48^81 9 5

21,115 5 —

49,070----

108,875 — — 94,000 — — 1,231 17 6

5»499 8 1

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1773 - 424,019 — 9

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1773, Ten thousand Pounds - - 10,000-----

434,019 — 9

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1773, amounts to Four hundred and Thirty-four thousand Nineteen Pounds and Nine Pence.

H. Pallijfer, J. Williams E. Mason, T.

Geo. Marsh, B. Temple.

An

r»

4 Navy Office, 15 th December 1772.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1773: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the ift Instant. '

i Time when may be Charge 3c;' j of their

Nature of their ;.f; -r.v

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Repair. Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Marts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores, Total.

' - 1 \ 1 1 i' £; £

Deptford - -- 74 Cumberland - - Building - - - I In Hand r October next j 6,000 1*23 17,823

Culloden - - - Building - - - In Hand r 0 Sober 1774 ? a,oooo 2,000

64 America - - - Building - - - In Hand - - QSober 1774 - 4*°°° —; 4,000

28 Enterprize - - - Building - - In Hand - r November next - 4,000 2,037 j 6,037

5° Romney - - - VBetween Small? 1 I and Middling) February next - Uncertain - - 1,000 "* 1,000

32 Niger - - - - Small - - - - Next Month r Uncertain - _ - 1,000 1,000

Woolwich ----- 74 Bedford - - Building - - - In Hand - - September 1773 - 1,000 _ 1.000 6.000

64 Ruby - - - Building - - - In Hand — - September 17767 6,000 — - 1

28 Surprize - - - Building r _- - an Hand - r September next - *,809 4,675

— Ad eon - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - December 1774- 2,500 Ii®75. 2,500

74 JWirrr - - - - Laige- .- - - In Hand - - April 1774 ? - 9,000 2,853 1 *,853

90 Formidable - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 1,000 1,189 2,189

74 Alfred - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain. - - 3,000 1 3,000

64 Sterling Castle - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 4,000 2,197 6,197

44 Roebuck - - - Building - - - In Hand - r; Uncertain - - 6,oop 2*78 8,478

74 Ramillies - - - (Between Small) V and Middling f In Hand - - May next - - 7,000 1,400 8,400

64 Augusta - - - j Between Small) \and Middling ( In Hand - - April next - - 5,500 f 2,000 7,500

74 Cornwall - - - (Between Small) , 1 and Middling j j April next - - February 1774 6,000 1 6,000

Sheerness - JO Bristol - - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - -i 4,000 1,000 1 5,000

so Squirrel - - - Large- - - - In Hand - - May next - -1 73s 4,378

Tor if mouth ----- 90 PrmcefsRoyal - - Building - - - In Hand - - June 1774 - - 10,000 4,000 14,000

74 1 Berwick - - -- Building - - - In Hand - - June 1774- - 3,000 1,500 4,500

64 L/ow - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - June 1774 - - 3»oooo 1,500 4,500

74 Valiant - - - Large- - - -Middling- - - In Hand - - December next - 10,000 3»653 13,638

Courage* - - - In Hand - - April next - - 5,500 3°5 5,805

a

w

O

v

c

g*

3:

Cn

50 Preston - -

74 Dragon - -

44 Pheenix- -

Plymouth 100 /tovrf/ Sovereign -

90 M - -

74 Conqueror -

64 Non such -

80 Foudroyant -

64 Yarmouth -

M

River Thames ----- 74 Vengeance -

— Hector - -

64 - -

32 Amazon -

Ambuscade -

5° Experiment -

Jlnw Medway ----- 5° IJis -

28 Siren - -

Harwich - -- 74 $#// - -

5° Centurion -

32 Orpheus -

Bucklerjkard - -- -- - 64 Vigilante - -

32 7X<f/w - -

28 Greyhound -

— Triton - -

Northam - -- 5° Renown -

28 fo# -

tf#// ---- V - . - 32 Diamond -

28 Boreas - -

River Medway ----- 28 Liverpool -

Tar Point 28 - -

t

Middling - - -C Between Mid-7 Idling and Large) Middling- - - Building - - -Building - - -Building - - -Building - - -Large - - - -Large - - - - In Hand - -May next - -May next - - In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - - April next -Uncertain - -Uncertain - - December 1778 -December 1776 -December 1774 -April ins - -December next -November next - 2,900 4.000 1.000 5.000 5.000 9.000 3»°c>o 10,000 8.000 1,615 1,000 500 466 2,471 4,5*5 5,000 1,500 5.000 5.000 9,466 3,°°°. 12,471 8.000

Total King’s Yards - - 168,840 36>585 205,425

ER CHANT! Building - - - 5 YARDS. In Hand. - - December 1774 CO >4 O 5,870

Building - - - In Hand' - - December 1774 - 5,900 — 5,900

Building - - - In. Hand - - December 1774- 4,800 — 4,800

Building - - - In Hand - - May next - - 5,5° 3»*5° 8,751

Building - - - In Hand - - May next - - 5>512 > 3»25° 8,762

Building - - - In, Hand - - June 1775 - r 4.Poo 4,000

Building - - - In. Hand - - January 1774 - 3>i6o ! 2,000 1 $>160

Building - - - In Hand - - June next - - 5^371 2*727 8,098

Building - - - In Hand - - September 1774- 5,800 2,000 7,800

Building r - - In Hand - - March 1774. - - 3,160 2,000 5>*6q

Building - - - In Hand - - I May next - - 4.995 3,°°5 8,000

Building - - - In Hand . - - February 1774 - 4,700 600 5x30®

Building - - - In Hand - - August next - - 5.8*7 3x3*8 9, *35

Building - - - In Hand - - April next - - 4,014 3»275 7,289

Building - - - In Hand - - June next - ? 4. *03 3*44° 7,543

Building - - - In Hand - - March 1774 r 3,160 1,000 4,160

Building - - - In Hand - - April next - - 3»97S 3>27S 7»253

Building - - - In Hand - - October next 5,080 2,200 7,280

Building - - - In Hand - - December next - 5,006 M99 6,505

Middling - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 3,000 *>o 55 5»°55

Large - - - - In Hand - - April next - - 2,3*9 700 3,°29

Total Merchants Yards - 95«256 39,594 134,850

Grand Total for the Ships - 264,096 ' 76,179 340,2 75

20° Januarii. A. 17751

On Works of the Yards.

£ Deptford Woolwich Portsmouth

Plymouth

Towards making a new Mail Pond 6,000

To erecting Sheds for seasoning Timber - -- - - -- -- 500

To completing the Main Drain on the South Side of the New South Dock into the Harbour, making a Dam, &c. at the extreme End of the Drain,

making good the Stone, and perfecting the Drain with Four Hatches - -- -- - 4,189

To taking down the Gates and Piers at. the Stern of the old North Dock, digging and carting, repairing the Sill, re-setting the Piers with new and old

Portland Stone, making a new Pair of Gates, Copper and Brass included ------ - 8,172

To complete the Drain Five Feet wide, leading from the said Dock to the Reservoir - -- - -- -- 3,600

To complete the Sheds so be built for seasoning Timber - -- - - -- - 1,043

To build the Boundary Wall on the new Ground --------- - 1,411

To building 380 Feet in Length of the Wharf Wall cm the South Side of the South Channel - -- - £360.

To building 200 Feet in Length of the West Wall of the Mali Pond..... ----- 6,083

To making a Channel for conveying the Masts to and from the Pond, and fixing Gates at the Entrance of it - 1,091

To finishing the Wharf Wall 300 Feet in Length- - - - - 3,83a

n

0 CQ

N 8. CT

*< O

0

0

TotaL ----- 41,279

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Dock Yards 10,000 Loads of E Oak Timber, Knees and Thickftuff, over and above what may be expended in the Course of the Year, that it may be used in a seasoned State, which the present Quantity will not afford to the Degree required for seasoning - ------------- - 40,000

Grand Total - - - 421,554

ABSTRACT:

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards - - {^g'and Seres'

For the Ships in the Merchants Yard. - - {R^Lg'and Stores *£*£}

Towards the Improvements in the Yards, and erecting Sheds for seasoning Timber ——

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Deck Yards to, oooo Loads of English Oak Timber, Knees and Thickftuff -

Grand Total -

Viz, The Sum of Four hundred Twenty-one thousand Five hundred^ and Fifty-four Pounds.

H. Pallijfer, J. Williams, E. Mason, T. Brett,

Geo. Marsh, R. Temple.

205,425

134.850

340.275

41>t79

40,000

421.554

Crt

13 Geo. III. 20°

Tardebigg

Inclosure*

Skipton-

Castle

Canal.

Skipton

Inclosure.

54 20° Januari. A. 1773*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr* Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg., which lies in the County of Worcester: And the same was received} and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Part of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool is now completed, and made navigable for Boats and other Vessels, and particularly such Part thereof as lies between Skipton and Shipley, in the County of York; and that the Land Owners and Inhabitants, at and near* Leeds, Bradford, Bingley, Keighley, Silfden, and other Places, lying contiguous to

the said Canal, have Occasion for large Quantities of Lime and Lime Stone, and are frequently in great Want thereof, and that the Petitioner is seised and possessed of certain Land* ind Premisses, lying near Skipton Castle, in which are great Plenty of Lime Stone Rocks and#Quarries; and that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boat^ and other Vessels, may be conveniently madf from the same to the Leeds and' Liverpool Canal, ancf to communicate therewith in a certain Close in Skipton aforesaid, called the Hobble-end; and that 'the same will open a short, easy, and commodious. Communication, from the said Great Canal, to the said Lime Stone Rocks, and render the Conveyance of Lime and Lime Stone to the said Towns and Places less expensive, and tend greatly to the Improvement of the adjacent kands, and be of general Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in a Close called the end Close in Skipton, to the said Lime Stone Rocks near Skipton Castle aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr. Mack-

worth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Township of Skipton, in the County of York, a certain Open Un-inclosed Field, commonly called Skipton Ings, containing 100 Statute Acres, or thereabouts; and also a certain large Tract, or Parcel, of Common and Waste Ground, called Rumblefmoor; and several other Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole 729 Acres, or thereabouts; and within the Township or Hamlet of Stir ton with in the

Parish of Skipton aforesaid, and adjoining to the Township of Skipton, there are several other Parcels of Common, Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 50 Acres, or thereabouts; and within the Manor or Lordship of Silfden, in the Parish of Kild-wick, in the said County, adjoining to the said Town-Ship of Skipton, there are several other large Tracts of Moor, or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, containing together 1600 Acres, or thereabouts; and 9

that the said Open Field, Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be 'occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the said Open Field, Commons, and Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Sir Anthony Abdy, and Lord John Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Ptolemy Humfrey, Clerk, John Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, and Richard Jennens, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Ptolemy Humfrey is Rector and Incumbent of the Parish Church of Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, and, by virtue of the last Will of his late Father Nathaniel Humfrey, Doctor of Laws, deceased, is seised of the Advowson of the said Rectory for his Life, with divers Remainders over. Remainder to the Heirs of the Body of the said Nathaniel Humfrey; and that the said Ptolemy Humfrey, in Right of his said Rectory, is seised of all the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, and all the Great and Small Tithes arising within the Parish of Thorp Mandeville; and that the said Richard Jennens is allo seised of a Manlion House, and several Messuages, Cottages, Orchards, Gardens, Ponds, Closes, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Thorp Mandeville, of a very considerable yearly Value; and that a certain Part of the said Glebe, called The Grindtes, containing together about 30 Acres, with a small Messuage thereon standing, lies remote from any other Part of the said Glebe, but intermixed with the Estate of the said Richard Jennens, and very near and commodious to be used with his said ManSion House; and that a Messuage or Tenement, called Halford’s House, a certain Toft, whereon a Messuage, called Pratt's House formerly Stood, and several Closes, called by the Name of Pratt's Close, Janes’s Close, and Giles's Close, and Two other CloSes, called Halford’s Two Closes, one other Close lying next Sulgrave Lane, a Spinney, called Hop Yard Spinney, several FiShponds, called Hop Lard Pond, Golby’s Pond, and Halford’s Pond, which, with other Closes, Part of the Estate of the said Richard Jennens, one called The Upper Hunts Warren, with Two small Cottages, Two other Closes called The Dockey Grounds, and One other Close called The Second Warren, lie, some adjoining to, and others very near and convenient to be used with, the Parsonage House in Thorp Mandeville-, and that it would greatly accommodate, as well the said Estate of the Said Redtory, as the Estate of the said Richard Jennens in Thorp Mandeville, if an Exchange was made with the said Richard Jennens, of the said Part of the Glebe, called The Grindles, with the House standing thereon, for the said Messuage or Tenement and Toft in the Occupation of John Mathews, the said several Closes, called Pratt’s Close, Janes's Close, Giles’s Close, Halfords Two Closes, the said Close lying next Sulgrave Lane, Spinney, Fishponds, Upper Hunts Warren, and Cottage thereon, Dockey Grounds, and the West End of the said Second Warren; and that it would be of great Utility and Advantage, as well to the said Ptolemy Humfrey and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, arid others interested in the said Redtory, as to the said Richard Jennens, if a due and fair Proportion of other Part or Parts of the Land and Estates of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville, was set out and appointed unto and for the said Ptolemy Humfrey, and his Successors, Rectors of the Parish Church of Thorp Mandeville, for and in Lieu of, and as a Satisfaction for, all the Great and Small

Tithes,

Thorp-Mande?ilU Lands and Tithes*

13 Geo. III. 20° Janaa 55

Tithes, or Payments in lieu thereof, arising or becoming due from and out of all the Messuages, Cottages, Closes, Lands, Ponds, and Hereditaments, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Petitioners, Ptolemy and John

Jepkcott, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Redtory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid. Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of Weston, in the said County of Northampton, Esquire; and for setting out, assigning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Rickard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes, and for other the Purposes in the said Bill to be expressed; and to grant to the said Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bast- A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-Haddon unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and lodofure. Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East -don, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and indofed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. Knightley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Burftwick A Petition of William Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosorc. Manor of Burftwick, and of Samuel Standidge,

duke Brown, and Thomas Lambert, and others, Owners of Lands and Grounds within the Town and Territories of Burftwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum Burjlwick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Town and Territories are divers Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and the Freehold and Copyhold Parts thereof so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thompson and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Harpham A Petition of Sir William St. Quinlin, Baronet, Lord Iaclosure. of the Manor of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Burton aforesaid, and Owner of by far the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township of Harpham, and also (as Lessee under his Grace the Lord Atchbishop of Vot. 34.

York) Impropriator of the Redlory of Agnes Burton aforesaid, Owner of certain Glebe Lands in Harpham aforesaid, and intitled to Two Third Parts of all the Tithes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, yearly arising or renewing within the said Township of Harpham (except from certain ancient inclosed Lands there) and also of the Reverend William Cayley, Clerk, the present Vicar of Agnes Burton aforesaid, who, as such, is Owner of certain Glebe Lands in Harpham aforesaid, and intitled to the remaining Third Part of the said Tithes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and all the Tithes of Wool and Lamb, and all other Tithes, Ecclesiastical Dues, and Payments, arising or renewing within the said Township of Harpham (except what are above mentioned to belong to the said Impropriator) was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, One hundred and Eight Oxgangs of Land, and certain Parcels of Meadow or Pasture Ground, lying in Three Open Arable Fields, called by the several Names of Eastfield, Middlefield, and West or Beftfield, and

containing together, by Estimation, 1400 Acres, or thereabouts; and also certain Pastures, or Commons, called by the several Names of The Moor, and East and West Carrs, containing together, by Estimation, Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, cannot be much improved; and that a Divi-lion and Inclosure of the said Open Fields, Lands,

Grounds, and Pastures, or Commons, would be advantageous to the Parties interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Thompson and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Common- West India alty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City Colonies, of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Owners of Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, particulary in the Ceded Islands, are in great Want of Money, to complete and carry on the Cultivation and Improvement of such Estates, and, from a Variety of Causes, cannot be sufficiently supplied by His Majesty’s Subjects; by Reason whereof, the Adventurers are in great Danger of loling great Sums of Money, which will tend not only to the Injury of the present Lenders, but to the Ruin of the Adventurers, and most probably of the Islands themselves, the Success whereof depends upon a Supply of Money; and that, from the Want of a sufficient Number of Real Securities, amongst the Subjects of Foreign States, adequate to the Sums which such Subjects have to lend, the Rate of Interest for Money on Inch Securities amongst them is miich lower than in England-, and the Adventurers in the Ceded Islands, as well as in the other Colonies, might be easily and amply supplied, if they were enabled, by Law, to make a Real Security of such their Estates to Foreigners; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Danish Island of Santa Croix is a striking Example, not only of the Fitness, but of the Efficacy, of such a Measure 1 And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities made to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider farther of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

A Petition

ao° — 2 2°

A. 1773,

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of in the County of Northampton; and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in the County of

Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or re-building, the said Sherrington Bridand of the Persons who have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Trustees have cayfed the said Road to be amended, and have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which has been laid out in repairing the said Road, and which now remains unpaid, with a considerable Arrear of Interest; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and, unless the same is enlarged, the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair; and that some Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending and rendering the same more effectual, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr.

Knightley, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called'in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1742 to Christmas 1771 5 distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

St. Vincent’s. Ordered, That Richard Maitland, Esquire, do attend

this House, upon Wedn Morning next, when the , Papers relative to the Island of Si. Vincent's are ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Charles Payne Esquire, do !at-

tend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Ojley, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Custom-

House

Account.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.

House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Alexander Campbell, Esquire, do, upon West India Friday Morning next, attend the Committee of the Colonies, whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States, to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten Of the Clock.

Neuman’s

Nat.

Ouices and -fcmploy-ments.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr* Garth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Veneris^ 2 2° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of Essex the Peace, acting in and for the County of Essex, Gaol* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the said County, the Justices of the Peace for the said County are authorized to purchase a convenient Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Tenements, adjoining to, and chmmunicating with, the present County Gaol, and to cause to be built thereon, and on the Ground on which the present Gaol stands, a convenient Gaol for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others, and such other Buildings and Conveniencies as shall be adjudged requisite by the said Justices at their Quarter Session; and alledging, that a Ground Plan of Mr. Hillyer's, for building a new Gaol, was produced at a General Quarter Session of the Peace, and unanimously approved of, but it will require a much larger Sum of Money, to complete the said Plan, than the Court of Quarter Sessions have Power to raise under the said Act; in consequence whereof, at the last General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, it was ordered by the Court, that Application be made to Parliament, for Power to raise an additional Sum of £.8,000 more than is allowed by the aforesaid Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Essex to raise such further Sum of Money as they shall from Time to Time find necessary, for carrying the said Plan into Execution, 'and for other the Purposes of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gray, Mr. Gascoyne, See.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for.naturalizing John Gottlob Neuman, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him’ to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table/

- And

Neuman’s

Nat.

13 Geo. III. %i° Januariu 57

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment;

Curchod’s A Petition of John Francis Cure hod, was presented to Nat* the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gray and Sir John Hynde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

*RmPd°n several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

04 ’ Qthefs, of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road lead* ing from Hampton to Stains, in the County of Middlesex, is very much out of Repair, incommodious, and unsafe for Passengers; and that the amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all Persons making use of the same; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee :. And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, - as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Muf-gfave, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* and have Power to fend for persons. Papers, and Records. t

Chatteris A Petition of several Owners of Commonable Mef-Common. fUages, Houses, Tofts, and Tenements, in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are intitled to Right of Common on the several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying within Chatteris aforesaid, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as are established by Two Decrees of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery and that the Petitioners have found, by Experience, that some of the Regulations established by the said Decrees are inconvenient and that the same might be altered, and made more beneficial to the several persons interested therein and that the Petitioners have entered into Articles' of Agreement, with respect to the Stocking, Feeding, Using, Cultivating, and Enjoying the said Commonable and Waste Grounds, and also to the Fencing, Ditching, and Mounding the fame* but the said Articles cannot be established, and rendered effectual, without the Aid of Parliament and that there are several Arable Fields and Lands, in Chatteris aforesaid, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which receive great Damage at particular Seasons of the Year, occasioned by some of the Owners neglecting to make and support the Fences thereof; and that it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, if Provision was made, for obliging all such Owners to fence off their said Lands: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Articles, with such Alterations and Amendments thereto, as the House shall think proper; and for making Provision for mounding and fencing the said Arable Fields, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the.House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Vol. 34.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Tid Sc. Gile» certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint f>,"n‘£e< Giles and Newton, in the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds contain 5,400 Acres, or thereabouts, and are bounded and abutted as follows; that is to say, by Shire Drain Bank on the North and West; Lands in Leveringfou, and the Lands of Lord Webb Seymour lying in Tid Saint Mary's Fen, South; and by a certain Bank called The Romani or otherwiser Old Sea Bank, East; and that the said Lands are much annoyed with Waters, for Want of a proper Drainage; but, if the same were effectually drained, it would be of

freat Advantage to the Proprietors thereof, and the ’ublic: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; s

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, within Toynton* the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toynton Inc, ofare* All Saints, and Toynton St. Peter's, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names afe thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Townships, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable. Lands and Waste Grounds, containing 1006 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring , in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regu-. lations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, within Ealt Real . the Parish of East Keal, in the County of Lincoln, was Inctoiure. presented to the House, and read Setting forth* That , there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing Nine hundred Acres; or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present.Situation, are incapable of much Improvement and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties; And therefore praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Q pursuant

West India Colonies.

Swalclifte

Jndofure.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

58 $2° Januarii. ^.*773.

ptlrfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of Lands in His Majesty’s Plantations and Colonies in the West Indies, or, as Merchants trading to those Islands and the Coail of , deeply interested in the Welfare of them; and that the Petitioners, observing a Motion has been made in the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to encourage Foreigners to lend Money tipon the Security of Estates in the West Indies; and, considering the probable Effects of such a Bill, are of Opiniod, that a Law made for this Purpose would be productive of many and great Advantages: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the Money they lend.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

A Petition- of the - Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Prqcincts, of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup i,

in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, was presented !to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the said Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, One Open and Common Field, called or known by the Name of Broad Sibford Field, confiding-of Eighty Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and containing together 2000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are the Owners of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, and Commons, lying within the said Townships,-Liberties, and Precincts; and that the several Lands and Grounds;of the Petitioners and others. Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field, called Broad Sibford Field, lie interfhix-' ed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the- said Open and Common Field, and are raoft of them inconveniently situated, and, so long as the same lie open and uninclosed, will produce but little Profit, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning. and allotting, the said Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said -Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order bang read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to examine the several Laws now in being, relative to the Assize of Bread, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Monday SeVeAnight, the First Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Intelligence as has been received by His Majesty’s Secretary at War, relative to the Force’s employ* ed in the Island. of St. Vincent.

'Resolved, That an humble'Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to1 give'Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Grant of the Islands to Francis

Lord Willoughby, in 1662; and also, a Copy of such

Parts of the Instructions given to Lord Willoughby, of Parham, in 1666, as relate to the Caribbs of the Island of Saint Vincent ;and also, an Extract of such Parts of a Letter from William Lord Willoughby, to the Lords of Cis Majesty’s Privy Council, dated. 1668,

as relate to the Caribbs of the Island of Saint and also, a Copy of the Grant of the Islands of Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent, to the Duke of Montagu, in 1722; and also, a Copy of the Instructions to the Governor of Barbadoes, in 1730, relative to the Neutrality of the Island of Saint Vincent.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further *of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

MT..Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness; and had come to a Resolution;

Bread.

Offices and Employments.

Island of Vincent.

West India Colonies.

13 Ge6. III. 3^ — 25° Jdnttafii. 59

solution; which they had dird&ed him td report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next, Ten of the Clock*

but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares al* lotted to the Persons interested therein, it would be very advantageous: And therefore praying the House, That' Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ireland — Offices and Employments.

Lunay2 50 dieJanuarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773.-

Prayers/

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Wellbore Ellis, and Charles Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, hath granted to the Petitioners the Offices of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Revenues, Profits, and Casualties, whatsoever, in His said Kingdom of and for be Treasurer at War within 'the said. Kingdom; and that the Petitioners urgent Bufiriels requiring their Stay in England, so as that they cannot at present go into the said Kingdom, to qualify themselves there for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office for the Employments above mentioned, and to qualify, themselves for the Enjoyment thereof. (

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid.that Mr. Cornwall and Captain Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Helpringham A Petition of the several Proprietors of Messuages> Inclosure. Cottages, Toftsteads, Open Common Fields, and in-tlofed Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunder Tub-scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are belonging to the said Parish several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, containing

4,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, arc incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Mariner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord BrozcnlozvBertie and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

West A Petition of William Roe, Esquire, Lord of the TM^hl>7 Manor of Sudbrook with Ancaster and Willoughby, in c ure* the County of Lincoln, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of re, and Parish of

Ancaster aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read {'Setting forth. That, within the said Township, there are several Open and Common Fields and Lands, a Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; Vot. 34.

A Petition of Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Esquire, now Blanchard’s called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, was presented to the Name. House, and read; Setting forth. That Henry Athorpe, late of Dinnington, in the County of York, Esquire,- deceased,

did . by his lash Wiil, bearing Date on or about the id £)ay of November 1769* give and devise all that his

Manor of Dinnuigton, and several Messuages, Cottages*

Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and.Hereditaments, in the County of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and County of Nottingham, unto the Petitioner, during, the Term of his natural Life* upon his taking the Surname of Athorpe only, with several Remainders over; and that the Petitioner, in Compliance with the find Will, is desirous, that he and his Heirs Male may be enabled to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, by Authority of Parliament:

And ^therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and his Heirs Male to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, and Colonel Saint Leger,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Cooke, Esquire, Christopher Armthorpe Ainftie, Clerk, Sir George Cooke, Baronet, and the leve- Inclafure* ral other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York, there are several Open Fields and Open Arable Lands, both Freehold and Copyhold; and also several Commons and Waste Grounds, called the South Moor, the Lings, *

the Green, the Fores, the Lanes, and other Waste Grounds, now remaining, open; and a certain other Common, called the Low Common, which was many Years ago divided and inclosed, and has ever since been enjoyed in Severalty by the Petitioners and others; and there are divers other small Parcels of Waste Grounds lying within the said Manor and Parish, which have lately been inclosed by the said George Cooke; and there are also divers Parcels of Land, which have, by the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, been taken in and inclosed from the Open Fields within the said Parish; and that the said Open Fields and Arable Lands, Open Commons, and Waft? Grounds, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but that it might tend greatly to the better Cultivation and Improvement of the Lands and Estates within the said Manor and Parish, and to the general Advantage of all the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, if the Whole of the said Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, to be held in Severalty; and if all such former Indofures were confirmed and allured to the several Proprietors thereof; and also, if all Manner of Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever (except Mortuaries and Surplice Fees) arising within, the said Parish, and payable to the lle&or thereof, were extinguished, and an adequate Compensation settled upon the said Rector and his Successors in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

effecting

Snaifh

Inclosure.

Addresses.

Xing (ton Poor, and Footpaths.

6o 2 50 Jamlarin A. 1773.

effecting the Division* Inclosure, and Purposes aforesaid, with, and subject to, such Powers, Regulations, and Clauses, as shall be submitted to the House, concerning the Premises, and as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition j And that ir George Savile and Mr. do prepare, and

bring'in, the fame*

A Petition of the Right honourable Georgi Earl of Egremont, the Right honourable John Earl of Mex-borough in the Kingdom of and the Right

honourable John Lond Viscount in the Kingdom

of Ireland, and the humble Petition of Matthew Boynton,

of Rawcliffe, in the County of York, Esquire, Richard Wilsford, of PmitefraEl, in the same County, Esquire,1 Robert Moore, of Snaith, in the same County, Gentleman, Thomas Hopkinson, of Snaith aforesaid, Gentleman, and William Twigg, of Cowick, in the same County* Gentleman, all Owners of Lands and Tenements situate within the said Townships of Snaith and Gowick respectively, on the Behalf of themselv«s and several other Persons, Owners of Lands and Tenements within the same respective Townlftips, or One of them, was pre-iented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That, within the said Townships of Snaith and Cowick, there are leVeral large Common and Open Fields and Meadow Grounds, called Snaith Field,- Gowick Fieldi, South , and the Ings, containing in the Whole, by Estimation,

1,160 Acres, or thereabouts} and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, in and over the said Fields and Ings, and are raoft of them inconveniently situated,' and, in their present State, are in- capable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, they might be eonfiderably improved, not only for the Advantage of the Proprietors, but of the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Ings, with and under such Powers and Regulations as therein shall be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Ijox& Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That

their Addresses of Friday last, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House,) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Recorder, and Freemen, of the Town and Corporation of KingJIon upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, and others, Parishioners of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor within the said Town and Parish of KingJIon arc very numerous, and maintained and supported at a great Expence; and that, if proper Powers were given, for regulating and employing the Poor belonging to the said Town and Parish, they might be better maintained, and at a much Ids Expence than at present; and that the Foot-ways of the Market-place, and of the several Streets and other Passages and Places, within the said Town, are not properly paved, and very inconvenient to Passengers; and the Petitioners are at present unable to cause the said Town to be cleansed, lighted, or properly watched, or effectually to remove Annoyances, Nuisances, or Incroachments, therein; and that the Highways and Roads belonging to the said Town and Parish ate very extensive, and require a very considerable annual Expence to keep them in good

Repair; and that it Wotild be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Parishioners, if the Footways within the said Town were properly paved; and if the said Market-place, and the several Streets and other Passages and Places, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, removed and prevented for the future, and if some further Provision was made, for amending and keeping in Repair the several Highways and Roads aforesaid; and that there are, within the said Parish, Two Open Commons, or Tracts of Waste Lands, the one called Nor biton, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, and the other called Surbiton, containing 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which are Part of, and belonging to, the said Manor, #f KingJIon j of which said Manor the Bailiffs for the Time being, and the Corporation of the said Town, are seised, as Lords thereof} which laid Commons or Wastes* in their present Situation, yield very liltle.Profit to the several Persons interested therein, but are capable of great Improvement; and that, if Power was given to inclose a certain Part of the said Commons or Wastes, hot exceeding $00 Acres in each Common, and to apply the Rents and Profits arising therefrom towards the several Purposes before mentioned, it would be a great Benefit to all Persons paying Scotland Lot within the said Parishj and that, by Articles of Agreement, beating Date on or about the lith Day of June 1624, between Henry Smith, then of London, Esquire, of the pne Part; and the then Bailiffs and Corporation of the said Town of KingJIon, of the other Part; the said Henry Smith gave to the said Bailiffs and Corporation the Sum of 1,000l. upon Condition to receive 100 I. per Annum, during his Life j and, after

his Decease, the Income of the said 1,000l. to be applied towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Town, according to the Directions of the said Articles; and the said Bailiffs and Corporation are thereby appointed Trustees, tinder the Visitatio'n of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being; and that the Income arising from the said l*oooo/. hath been applied, from Time to Time, towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Town; and that the Bailiffs and Corporation of the said Town are willing t6 relinquish their Right in the said Trust, and are desirous that the Refits and Profits of the Estate, which hath been purchased with the said 1,000l. should be applied in Diminution of the Poors Rates of the said Town; and that the effectuating the several Regulations and Works aforesaid would tend to the Safety and Benefit of the Petitioners and others, paying Scotland Lot within the said Parish, and to the Improvement of the said Town, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Onjjow, Sir Francis Vincent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Lyttelton, Baron of Froukley, in the County of Worcester, Lord of the Manor of Churchill, in the County of Worcester, and Patron of the Rectory of Churchill aforesaid; and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Brooke, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Churchill aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, and Owners of Lands and Tenements, lying and being within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners andr Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor; was pre-

fented

Churchill

Iftclofurcs

13 Geo. III. 250 Jam61

Tented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Manor and Parish, there is a Common Heath or Waste Ground, called Churchill , containing

by Estimation 400 Acres, or thereabouts; and the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor have the Right of Common thereon; and that the Whole of the said Common is at present of very little Advantage to the Persons intitled to Right of Common in and upon the same ;. but, if inclosed, divided, and allotted, amongst the Lord or the Manor, the Red or of the Parish, and the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements intitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, it would be a manifest Advantage to all Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Thomas , do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Tirdebigg a Bill for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of nciosure. pr0Cee(iings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain I^nds therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor oi Tardebigg which lies in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. defwell, Mr. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Curchod’s Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, Nat. a Bill for naturalizing John Francis And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cherhill A Petition of several Trustees for putting into Execu-Roadsi tion an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from Cherhill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherhill to the Three Mile

Borough, at the Top of Cherhill Hill, in the County of Wilts, and of several Land Owners and others refid ing near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act* and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads; notwithstanding which, fiome Parts thereof are at present out of Repair; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and, unlel's the same is- continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually amended and kept in Repair; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act, and for granting the Petitioners such further and other Powers, to enable them to put the said Road in good Repair, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be; referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Colonel

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Artlejr A Petition of the honourable Sir Thomas Whitmore, Abbott* Knigtit of the Bath, Lord of the Manor of AJlley Abbotts, Inciafore. jn t|ie County of Salop, and Patron of the Parish Church Vol. 34.

of AJlley Abbotts, being a Donative of the Reverend Henry

Whitmore, Clerk, Batchelor of Laws, Minister of the said Parish of AJlley Abbotts, Sir Rickard A Bon, Baronet,

Lord of the Manor of Round AElon, in the said County, and Patron of the Parish Church of Round A Bon, and Impropriator and Owner of the Redlory and Tithes of Round Aston aforesaid, and also Lord of the Manor of Haugkton, in the Parish of Morvill, in the said County, and Lord of the Manor of Wenlocks Walton, Atterley, and Barrow, in the said County, and Impropriator and Owner of the Tithes of Wenlocks Walton and Atterley aforesaid, Arthur Blayney, Esquire, Impropriator and Owner of the Redlory and Tithes of Morvill aforesaid*

George Forester, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of the MarJJt, in the said County of Salop, and Patron of the Parish Church of Willey, in the said County of Salop, the Reverend John Fayley, Clerk, Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the said Parish of Willey, Brooke Forester, Esquire*

Thomas Stephens, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manors and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'That, within the said Manors and Parishes, there are several Commons and Waste Grounds, called Dunneleys Common, Colemore Green, Nordley Wood, otherwise Common, and

Shirlett, containing about 1,500 Acres, which lie open and uninclosed, and produce very little Profit; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of all Parties interested, if the same were inclosed and divided, and allotted to and amongst the several Persons intitled, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Major Whitmore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A.Petition of the several Persons, whose Nartles ard Wrotham thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Ex- Execution the several Acts of Parliament hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot’s Cray, in the said County; and that, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the Powers, granted bj the said first-mentioned Act, are extended to the Road, leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Maidstone; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed the Suin of One Thousand Pounds on the Credit of the Tolls, granted by the first-mentioned Act, and also the Sum of Eight Hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Act, which still remain due j and that, although the Monies so borrowed, together with the Money arising by the said Tolls, have beerr applied pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, yet the said Roads are far from being sufficiently repaired, and are in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, amended, widened, and completed, nor can the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be enlarged, and the said Acts explained and made more effectual: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be, referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-R mine

6i 250 JanuariLA. 1773.

mine the'Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Mr,

Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Vincent’* The House was moved. That the Order made upon Island. the 23d Day of December last, for taking into Consideration the Papers that Day presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington; and Mr. Knox, from the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, upon Wednesday next, might-be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House upon Wednesday next, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of February next.

Ditto. The House being informed that Mr. Knox, from the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N® i. Copy of such Articles of His Majesty’s General Instructions to Robert Jrfelvill, Esquire, Governor of the Southern Charibbee Islands, given at Saint James's, the 7th Day of December 1763, as relate to the Charibbee Indians, in the Island of Saint Vincent: And all'o,

N° 2. Extrait des Regis du Conseil Souverain de f Isle Martinique 6° d’Avril 1660: And also,

N° 3. Translation of the preceding Paper: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Treaty or Bargain of Sale for the Island of Saint Lucia, made in the Year 1663, between the English and the Charibbee Indians of the Island of Saint Vincent: And also,

4 N° 5. Copies of such Papers as contain the Account

sent Home of the Expedition against the Charibbee Indians of Saint Vincent, in the Year 1686: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Special Report of the Lords for Trade and Plantations to the King, respecting Papers addressed for by the honourable House of Commons, dated 22d January 1773.

Mr. Knox also, from the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of the Grant of the Charibbee Islands to Francis Lord Willoughby, in 1662: And also,

N° 2. Copy of such Parts of the Instructions given to Lord Willoughby of Parham, in 1666, as relate to the Charibbs of the Island of Saint Vincent: And also,

N° 3. Copy of such Parts of a Letter from William Lord Willoughby to the Lords of His Majesty’s Privy Council, dated July9th 1668, as relate to the Charibbs of the Island of Saint Vincent: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Grant of the Islands of Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent to the Duke of in 1722:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Instructiorts to the- Governor of Barbadoes, in 1730, relative to the Neutrality of the Island of Saint Vincent.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of February next, when the Papers presented to the House by the Lord Barrington and Mr. upon the 23d Day of

M

December last, are ordered to be taken into Gonlide-ration.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant St. Vincent’s to their Address to His Majesty, Island.

Extract of a Letter from his Excellency Lieutenant General Gage to Lord Barrington, dated New York, 29th

June 1772: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Secretary at War, St. Vincent, 31st July 1772: And also.

Monthly Return of His Majesty’s 68th Regiment of Foot, commanded by Lieutenant General Lambton,

Saint Vincent, ift August 1772: And also.

Extract of a Letter from General Gage to Lord Barrington, 5th August 1772: And also,

Embarkation Return of His Majesty’s 31st Regiment of Foot, Saint Augustine, 12th August 1772: And also,

Copy Field Return of the 14th Regiment of Foot,

18th September 1772: And also,

Extract from the Monthly Return of His Majesty's 32ft Regiment of Foot, Saint Vincent, ift October 1772 5

And also,

Copy of a Letter from Major General Dalrymple to Lord Barrington, dated Saint Vincent, October the 3d 1772: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to Lord Barrington, Saint Vincent, 9th October 1772: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Gage to Lord Barrington, dated New York, November 5th, 1772.-And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be also taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the said 8th Day of February next.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Battel from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable ‘Thomas Hooker, of , in the County of Kent, Esquire, Thomas Swayne, of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Tonbridge Wells, in the said County, Carpenter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue to work a certain Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in cer- poor-tain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fort night, the nth Day of February next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are West India thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Colonies, read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Merchants, and Proprietors of Plantations and Lands, in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, or Merchants carrying on Trade, and otherwise intimately concerned in the Prosperity of the same Colonies; and taking Notice of the Resolution of the House, of the Second Day of December last, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee

West India

Colonies.

fettering

Road.

13 Geo. III. 250 Janudrii. J63

mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, if Encouragement was to be given to Foreigners to lend Money upon Estates in the Sugar Colonies, it would not only tend to the Relief of the Petitioners, but, in some Measure, to the Relief of Public Credit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual for recovering Payment of the Money lb to be lent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order) Reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Propriety of encouraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and after--Wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would tend to the more speedy and exterifive Cultivation of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to the Public Benefit, if the Subjects of Foreign States were encouraged to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold and Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and if the Securities granted to such Aliens were rendered effectual for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold and Leasehold Estates, under proper Restrictions.

The said Resolution being read a SeCond Time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That & Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr Mr.

Cornwall, Mrs Dowdeswell, Mr. Brickdale, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Charles James Fox, and the Lord Clare, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliariient, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening thq Road leading from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Ketterhsg, through the Town of Wellingborough,

in the County of Northampton, and through over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in the County of

Bucks; and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge; and of the Persons who have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

AmbroJ'e Dickins, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That there is now owing on the Credit of the said Act, the principal Sum of £.4,000; and that there is now due, for Interest thereon, £.453. 5*.

And the Witnesss added. That unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and Power given to take further and other Tolls than are granted by the said Act, the Money now due and owing, nor the growing Interest thereof as aforesaid, cannot be repaid,

Vo34-

and the Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll-gate, in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pag-hell, in the County of Bucks: And that. Mr. Mack-worth and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ♦

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Bethnal-whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of r

the Poor, and the several Vestrymen and Inhabitant*, or °UC* of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Green, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, - to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for maintaining, regulating,

" and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint " Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of ,"

was read: — And

John Horton, Esquire, being examined-, said, That, pursuanf to the Directions of the said Act, a Wcrk-house was built, and furnished in a proper Manner; but the Sum of £. 2,000, which the Parish were authorized to raise for those Purposes, being found. insufficient td complete the same, a further Sum of £.1,000 was borrowed, which was expended in finishing and furnifiling the said Workhouse; and yet remains due, with a large Arrear of Interest.

Mr. May, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, said, That of late Years the Rates have not produced Money enough to pay the Annuities charged thereon, and to defray the Expences of maintaining the Poor, though such Rates have been extended to 4 (sd. in the Pound; but on the contrary, by Reason of the great Increase in the Number of People claiming Relief, and of the very high Price of Provisions, the Governors and Directors have incurred Debts from Time to Time on Account of the Poor, including the Money so advanced on Account of the Workhouse, amounting to the Sum of £. 3,187. i8r.; for which some of the said Governors and Directors were under a Necessity of giving their Personal Securities, iii order to prevent a Distress falling upon the Poor, which must otherwise inevitably have happened: — That, as it is necessary to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to discharge the above Debts and Interest, the Parish are de-lirous of having a Power to borrow about £. 4,000 by way of Annuities, in order to have some Money in Hand to go on with for the Relief of the Poor, in Hopes of avoiding the Necessity of increasing the Rates.

David Wilmot, Esquire, John Horton, Esquire, Mr.

James Marciron, and Mr. John White, confirmed Mr.

May's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Matthew,

Bethnal Greets, in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief: And that Mr.

Mackworth arid Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands irchester and Grounds, within the Parish of Irchester, in the Inclosur*. County of Northampton, was prefcqted to the House,

and

64 25 °---260 Januarii. A. 1773.

and read; Setting forth. That these are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ami other Commonable Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that, if the same were divided, and allotted to the Owners and Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, the same would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mackworth and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Glass A Petition of the honourable Charles the

Manufactory, honourable Robert Digby, Peregrine Thomas

John Mackay, Phillip Affleck, Henry James

dieu, James Mowbray, Angus Henry Hajlings,

Ranald Macdonald, and Samuel Chollett, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having great Reason to believe that considerable Improvements may be made in the Glass Manufactory of this Country, and particularly in the Manufactory of large Plates, have formed themselves into a Society, for the Purpose of establishing a Work of that Kind, under the Name of " The British Call Plate Glass Manufacturers j" and have already engaged several Persons of Skill and Knowledge in the Business; but, in regard to . the great Expence which will attend the Undertaking, the Petitioners are advised, they cannot establish nor carry on the fame, to a sufficient Extent, nor on a permanent Foundation, or with Safety, unless formed into a Company, and authorized by Parliament to make proper Rules, Ordinances, and Bye Laws, and are invested with such Powers, Rights, and Privileges, as may tend to the effectual establishing, conducting, and improving, the said Manufactory: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Petitioners and their Successors, under the Name of " The Governor and Company of British " Call Plate Glass Manufacturersand for veiling them with such Powers and Authorities, for the better and more effectual establishing, directing, managing, and carrying on, the said Manufactory, in such Manner as in the said Bill is intended to be set forth, or as the Parliament shall think meet and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioa of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Charles

Runbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow ^Morning, at Mine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Turnips, A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King the

Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the more effectually preventing the Healing or de-. . stroying of Parsnips.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the: Foreign Linens imported into this Foreign. Kingdom, fmcerChristmas 1769; distinguishing each Linens*

Year, and the 'Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereupon.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Offices and whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Per- Fmploy-fons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Januarii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, and n®‘' lighting, the High Street, East Street, and Street, in

the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent-, and for lighting the other Streets j and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradesmen, Ashby-de-Ia-whose Names are thereto subscribed, residing in the c ^.ou'h. Market Town of A%by-de-/a-Zouch, in the County of ma el>ts'

Leicester, and in the several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, in the Neighbourhood thereof, which lie in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Market Town, and in the said several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufacture in various Branches, and also several very corrsiderable Collieries, Lime-works, and Pot-works, which employ a great Number of working People, who frequently contract small Debts, and although they are well able, refuse to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in the present Mode of proceeding for Recovery thereof; and that it would greatly tend to the Support of useful Credit, if a speedy and easy Method of recovering small Debts was provided, by establishing a Court of Requests, to be held at the said Market Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, and extending the Jurisdiction of

such Court to the several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, that are situate in the Neighbourhood thereof, and would also be of great public Utility: And therefore praying;

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

' . mine

Bonfal

Inclosure.

hooknorton

Inclosure.

Basingstone

Roads.

13 Geo. III. 26° Janu 5

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Lord

'John Cavendish, &c*: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of a certain Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called

BonfalLeys and Green, within the Parish and Manor of

Bonfal, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonfal Leys and in its present Situation, is incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the same was divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes; lying and arising within the Fields and Liberties of Hooknorton and S out hr of, in the Parish of Hooknorton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the Liberties of Hooknorton and Soulhrop aforesaid. One large Open and Common Field, called or known by the Name of Hooknorton and Sowthrop Common Field, consisting of

113 Yard Lands, and containing together 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are possessed of, and are the Owners of, all the Lands, Grounds* and Tythes, lying and arising within the said Fields and Liberties; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and are most of them inconveniently situate; and, so long as the same lie open and uninclosed, will produce but little Profit, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the making such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, will greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Interests in the said Common Field, Commonable Lands, and Tythes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act:, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bajingftone, near the Town of in

the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Holyborn, Alton, Chaw-ton, Ropley, Bifjop's Sutton, Netv Alresford, and Mat-

Vol. 34.

tingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Win-chef er, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Sir Simeon Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, and of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Windmill House, in the County of Derby, to Fulfhaw Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Hudders-Turnpike Road near Thongsbridge in the said Riding, and also the Roads branching out of the said Road near Hagg Guide Pof to Darwent, and from the said Guide Pof to Cl ay land'% Gate, and from Holmfirth to Burr's Edge\ are in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A nd it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Arm-thorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th June 1772 to the 24th June 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Wef Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773: And also;

S Estimate

Windmill-

House

Roads.

Armthorpe

Inclosure.

Colony

EfUmates.

66

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North for the

Year 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establiftmient of the Government of

A. 1773.

gambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1773.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are us followeth;

26° Janu

ESTI MATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1773.

To an additional Salary to the Governor

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Attorney General - - - -....

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - -

To an Allowance to the Register -

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment -

To the S;ilaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office -To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent, to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in tire different Districts of the Province ——

To an Allowance for Firewood, for the use of the Governor’s House and public Offices -To the Expences of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of the Treasurer ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To Allowances to Mrs. How, and sundry Persons, who, after long and meritorious Services, are left destitute under Age and Infirmity, by the Discontinuance of sundry Establishments heretofore maintained at the Public Charge -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton - -

To an Allowance for a Priest to the Micmac Indians, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies, for which no Provision is made in this Estimate ——

To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -

To £. 730 to complete the Sum of £. 3,000, to be allowed as per Estimate of the Year 1771, for building a Church, a Court House, and a Gaol, at Charlotte 'Town, in the Eland of St. John ——

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax..... -....

£500 —

50c —

182 10

262 10

182 10

182 10

321 *5

96 12

52 6

440 —

288

203 1

200 —

5° —

3S4 1

IOO

loo —

IOO —

750 —

IOO.

5

£.5,146 10 5

ESTIMATE

i3 Geo. III.

26° Jamarii.

67

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Exigences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 17 73.

To the Salary of the Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - -....

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England and Two Schoolmasters -To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to a Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

To an Allowance to Mr. Ottolenghe, Superintendant of the late Filature of Savannah, in Confederation of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now discontinued ——

J.

1,000-----

500 — - —

100-----

20 — —

150-----

100 -

150-----

100-----

1x6-----

200 —

50-----

500-----

TOO —

£.3,086-----

E S TIM AT E of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773.

_______________________________#;__________.__________________ ____________________._________

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - * * -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

"T'o the Salary of the Attofney'General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register -

To a Salary to the Receiver General of the Quit Rents’ -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - - - - _ - -

To an Allowance for an Assistant - - - '- -

To the Salary of the Agent - - - - .

To a Minister at St. Augvjlitie - - - - _ _ - ‘ -

To a Minister at St. Mark's - - - ' ' - - .

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £. 25 each - - - " - - -

To the Salary of a Provost Marshal-- ——

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at St. Augustine - - -' - - 1 »

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper AfTortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians, and other contingent Expences relative to that Service - - - *

S; d.

1,200 — —

5°° — —

*5° — —

15° — —

100 — —

100 — * —

120 — —

3°' — —

200 — —

100 — — *

100 — - —

5° — —

100 — 1 —

5° — —

1,000 — ~

1,000 — —

£.4,950-----

Vol. 34.

ESTIMATE

68

o6° Januarii.

A. 1773

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishrtient of His Majesty’s Province of West , and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - * . a „

To the-Salary of the Chief Justice....

To the Salary of the Attorney General....

To the Salary of the Secretary, and Clerk of the Council

To the Salary of a Register „

To the Surveyor of Lands

To an Allowance to an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent - - - >-

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola....

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £. 25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal - -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians ——

To Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds, to complete the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be allowed as per Estimate for the Year 1771, for building a House for the Residence of His Majesty Governor of the Province of West , for the

Time being ——

To ah Allowance to Mr. Romans, for his Care and Skill in the Collection of rare and useful Productions in Physic and Botany - - - -.-

To an Allowance to the late Lieutenant Governor of West , in Part of Payment of

certain Demands for Services incurred within the said Colony, as allowed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury - -

£.1,200

500

15°

150

100

120

3° 200 100 100

5°

100

1,000

1,000 — —

850-----

5°-----

i>574 13 6-

£.7,274 13 6

0

ESTIMATE^ of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1773.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at , during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To a Deputy Surveyor, at Ten Shillings per Day, and Two Assistant Surveyors, at Seven Shillings per Day each -

To One Draughtsman, at Five Shillings per Day - -

To an additional Pay of One Shilling and Eight Pence per Day to One Serjeant, One Shilling per Day to One Corporal, and Six Pence per Day to Twelve private Men, to assistin such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of the Mountains - -

To extraordinary Expences, for Horses, Guides, tic. -

To Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District - -

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Ilfue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the Public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication ——

£. 100 —

438 —

91 5 —

155 2 —

100 —

O O 17 —

200 —

IOO —

£.1,885 4 —

ESTIMATE

Brinkhill

inclosure.

Hemingby

inclosure.

13 Geo. IIL a 6° Januarii.

69

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge; for the Year 1773.

To a Salary to the Governor

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - -

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Fort, in the River Gambia

To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at St. Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs - - - '

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor ——

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province

£ s. d

1,200 -

400 -

200 -

200 ---.--

200 -

5°-----

IOO-----

2,786 — 9!

1,000-----

200-----

I- 6,336 — 9£

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, Lord of the Manor, and Patron of the Rectory of Brinkhill, in the County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of Lands there, and the humble Petition of l'everal other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Property of the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Common Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be beneficial to all Parties interested therein, if Powers were given to allot, divide, and inclose, the said Common Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and to make a Satisfaction for the Tithes of the same Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Lord BroivnlowBertie, and Mr.

cot, do prepare, and bring in; the lame.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Ings, Common Pastures,' and other Commonable Lands, which are computed to contain in the Whole 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and Lands, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclol'ed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a confide rable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties, interested therein, and to the Public in general: And Vol. 34.

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mfentioned, fub-ject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. IVhichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Criminal for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws, Laws* in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom: And that Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Wallace, Sir George Savile, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Edward Blackett, Sir Walter Blackett, and Mr. Curwen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to West Indi Order, a Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States Colonies, to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Lease-hold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens, effectual for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Rochester to thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Maidstone Execution the several Acts of Parliament therein after Roads* particularly mentioned, was presented to the House, ' and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of The Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of the Trustees therein mentioned were impowered to repair, and keep in Repair, the Highway or Road leading T from

7°

16° — 27°

4- 1773

from a House then the Sign of The in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, through the Parishes of Saint Margaret, Barham, Aylesjor Boxley, and Maidstone, to the Lady Taylor's Gate, neared to the Town of Maidstone, together with divers- other Roads in tire said Act particularly mentioned; and that, by another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the said Act, the Term and Powers relating to the Road above particularly described were extended from the said Lady Taylor's Gate, to the White Post at the End of the said Town of Maidstone; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his said late Majesty, to continue the said Two former Acts, the Term and Powers thereby granted, so far as related to such Part only of the Roads therein mentioned as leads from the said House, called the Sign of The Bells, to Maidstone, were continued, explained and enlarged, from the Expiration of the said fird-mentioned Act, during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that, in pursuance of the Povver granted By the last mentioned Act, the Trustees have since altered and made a Road, to lead from a Place called The Hof pit al for Seamen, directly through the said Fields, through Crow Lane, to the High Street in Rochester, and have proceeded, to amend and repair the said Road, and to widen several Parts thereof; and have borrowed several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Principal Sum of £.800, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road; notwithstanding which, several Parts therefif still remain very narrow, much out of Repair, and very incommodious; and that the Powers and Authorities given by the before-mentioned Acts are near expiring; and that it will be impossible to widen and repair the said Road, and makeit commodious, and discharge the 1'aidPrincipalSum of £. 800, unless the Term and Powers relating to the said Road last above-mentioned shall be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said several Acts before-mentioned, for repairing and enlarging the said Rdad, from the End of Crow Lane, next the High Street in Rochester, to Maidstone aforesaid, and to give the Petitioners such other Relief in die Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet To-moirow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duration A Motion was made, and the Question being put, „ ,.of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments f The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the 45-

]*33-

Tellers for the Noes, ^j^'’ So it passed in the Negative.

Mercurii, 27 die Januarii;

Anno 13* Georgii III,a Regis, 1773.

Call of the The Order of the Day being read;

House. Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Aberdeen

Council, of the City of Abwas presented Harbour, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Entrance to the Harbour of Aberdeen is greatly obftn.ift.ed by a Bar, or large Bank of Sand, which runs across the same; and the Piers, Quays, and other Works, within the said Harbour, are, in their present State, inlufficitnt for the Accommodation of the Trade of the said City, which of late Years has greatly increased; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the Harbour and Navigation into it may be greatly improved, by running out a Pier into the Sea, on the North Side of the said Harbour, and by cleaning, deepening, and widening, the fame, and the Entrance thereto, by erecting proper Piers,

Quays, and other Works, for the Accommodation of the Trade and Shipping within the said Harbour, and by veiling the Petitioners with proper Powers for regulating all Vessels trading into, and going out of, the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ed Mr. Dowall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tra- Bure ders, and Manufacturers, of the County of Norfolk, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the River Bure, commonly called the North , runs from the Town of Aylsham to the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the said County; and that such Part as runs by, and fr«in the Town of Coltishall, to the said Town of Great Yarmouth, hath been navigable for several Years; and that, by a Survey which has been made of the said River from Coltishall to Aylsham, and of the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, it appears that the Navigation is capable of being extended up to Aylsham aforesaid, although in some Parts of the River there are Shallows and other Obstructions, the Removal whereof would be attended with great Expence, which, the Petitioners are informed, will be avoided, and the Navigation made shorter and more beneficial to the Public, if proper Cuts or Canals were made from the said River, over the Lands adjoining, at such Places as shall be found proper and necessary; and that the making and extending the Navigation of the said River, from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for extending the said Navigation by and from Coltishall aforesaid, to Aylsham Bridge aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. De Grey, Sir Edward -ley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands, Tenements, Witton-Ie-and Hereditaments, situate within the Townships \>f Wear Witton le Wear and North Bedburne, in the Chapelry of Inclosure-

Wilton

Greenock

Harbours.

Brighthelm-

stone

Paving

13 Geo. III. 2j° Januarii: 71

JVitton le Wear, in the Manor of Wolfmgliam, in the County Palatine of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a Right of Common upon the Moors, Commons, or Trails of Waste Ground, therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Moors, or Commons, or Trails of Waste Ground, belonging to the said Two Townships, commonly called Wit ton Row, Witton, and North Bedburne Moors, or Commons, containing 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts , and that the said Moors, or Commons, in their present State, are of very little Use or Service, and the same or the greatest Part thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and that the Lord Bishop of Durhdm, as Lord of the said Manor, and the Petitioners, are desirous that the said Moors, or Commons., may be inclosed, cultivated, and improved, as the same will be of public Utility, as well as an Improvement of the Estates of the several Persons intitled to a Right of Common on the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of th6 Town of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Harbours in the Town of Greenock, belonging to the said Town, are too small and shallow to accommodate the Shipping resorting thereto; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Shipping belonging and resorting thereto, are, in certain Seasons of the Year, at a great Loss, and have much Difficulty in getting fresh and wholesome Water; and that the Streets of the said Town are not properly paved, lighted, and watched; and that, the Town of Greenock being only a Burgh of Barony, it would tend greatly to the Ease, Advantage, and Convenience, of the Inhabitants, if the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates was extended; and that, if there were new Quays and Piers built, and a new Harbour made in the said Town, and the present Harbours deepened, cleansed, and made more commodious, and Water brought into the Town from the Springs in the Neighbourhood, and the Streets were properly paVed, lighted, and watched, and the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates extended, the said I^conveniencies would be removed, would greatly pqjmote the Increase of the Trade of the said Town, and be of considerable Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for budding new Quays and Piers, and making a new Harbour, in the said Town; and for keeping, cleansing, and making more commodious, the present Harbours; and for bringing Water into the said Town; and for paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the Streets of the fame; and for levying certain Rates and Duties, for defraying the Expence of the Operations aforesaid; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Magistrates, and their Successors in Office, according to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; Inhabitants of the Town oiBright-

VOL. 34.

helmstone, in the County of Sussex, was flrefented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is ill cleansed and lighted, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, and the Avenues leading thereto, very badly paved, and are narrow and incommodious; and that, if the same were properly lighted, paved, repaired, cleansed, and widened, and the Nuisances and Annoyances therein removed and prevented for the future, and if a Market was holden in some convenient Part of the said Town, under proper Regulations, the same would tend to the Benefit and Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all Persons resorting thereto; and that the said Town is situated by the Sea Side, within the Port of Shoreham, and great Part of the said Town having been destroyed by the breaking in of the Sea, several Groyns were some Years since erected, which have prevented the same; and the Coast is now safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coals, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the said Groyns are become greatly out of Repair, and the Inhabitants of the said Town are not able to raise Money sufficient to repair the fame; and that the putting and keeping the same in Repair, and erecting others which should happen to be necessary, may be carried into Execution by the Aid of a small Tonnage or Duty to be laid on all Ships or Vessels importing and unloading of Coals on the Beach or Coast at Brighthelmstone: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restridhons, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morton, Mr. Penruddock, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll-gate, in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Nezvport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors of Haltham cum in the

Townships of Haltham and Roughton, within the Soak of Horncastle, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, and Commons, in the said Parishes and Ma'nors, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were inclosed and divided, and specific Allotments assigned to each Person, according to their respective Interests, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith, Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners or' Proprietors of 9 Lands,

Kettering

Road.

Haltham

Inclosure.

7a 270 Januarii. A. 1773.

Wroughton Lands, Commons, and, Estates, in the Open and Cora-Inclosure. mon j,'je[c|s of f]iat part of the Purish of in

the County of Wilts, which is in the Hundred of and Everly, in the said County of Wilts, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised or possessed of several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copy-hold Estates, together with other Proprietors, in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniencies do arise to the Owners of the said Lands and Estates; and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that it would be a great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, if the same were inclosed, and divided into just Allotments to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Ground, and Waste Ground, of and in that Part of the said Parish of Wroughton which is in the said Hundred of Eljlub and Everly, in the County of Wilts, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And lhat Mr. Fenruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Warm.nfter A Petition of the Clothiers and other Inhabitants of

ma c ts. Town of Warminsterin the County of Wilts, the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Westbury, in the same County, the Bailiff of the Borough of Heytesbury, in the same County, the Tradesmen and other Inhabitants of the Town of Mere, in the said County, and the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other rincipal Inhabitants, residing in and near the said 'owns and Boroughs, and elsewhere, within the Hundreds of Warminster, Westbury, Heytesbury, and Mere, in the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House/and read; Setting forth, That, in the said Towns and Places adjacent, within the said Hundreds, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufacture, which employs many Thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, which in the Whole amount Yearly to a large Sum of Money, and, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the great Expence and Delay of suing for the same in the ordinary Courts of Law; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support ufefol Credit within the Towns and Hundreds aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Hundreds of Warminster, Westbury, Heytesbury, and Mere, or to grant unto the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fenruddock, Mr. Goddard, 8rc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Maugan- A Petition of John Edyvean, of Saint Aujiell, in the

Canal* County of Cornwall, Gentleman, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the making a Cut or Canal from a Place called Maugan Forth, in the Parish of Maugan, in the said County, through the several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Columb Major, Little Colon, and Saint Columb Minor, into or near a Place called Lower Saint Columb Porth, in the said Parish of

Saint Columb Minor, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, will aftoru the Means of improving many Thousand Acres of barren and unprofitable Grounds, within and near to the said several Parishes; an<jjl will not only be otherwise beneficial to that Part of the said County of Cornwall, but of public Utility; and that the Petitioner is desirous, at his own Expence and llifque, to begin, carry on, and complete, the said proposed Navigable Cut or Canal, upon reasonable and equitable Terms: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee < And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Sir George ¥mge, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Cornmon Exeter Council, and also of the Merchants, Shopkeepers, and Small Debts, of other Inhabitants, of the City and County of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, in the said City and County, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufactory, which employs several Thousand People, many of whom contract Imall Debts, which in the Whole amount Yearly to a great Sum of Money; and, although well able to pay the same, they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for the same; and that, if there were an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said City and County, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as they shall judge most fitting and expedient.

Ordered, That* the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pal k, Mr.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at*Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Glass mittee, to whom the Petition of the honourable Charles Manufedory. Fitzroy, the honourable Robert Dig by, Peregrine Cujl,

! Thomas Dundas, John Mackay, Phillip Affleck, Henry Dagge, James Bourdieu, James Mowbray, Angus Mackay,

Henry Hafiings, Ranald Macdonald, and Samuel is referred.

A Petition of Thomas Goulton, and others, whose Whitton, Names are subscribed. Proprietors of, 01 otherwise Inclosure, interested in, the several Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, Pastures, Commons, or Carrs, thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Meadows, Commons, or Carrs, which are computed to contain, in the Whole, about 1,200 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes

above-

i3 Geo. III. 270 — 28° Jan73

above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir Thomas Frankland, Lord Broivnloiv Bertie, and Mr. Whitchcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Call of the The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-House. day, " That the Call of the House be adjourned till " that Day Three Months/’ might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Three Weeks, the 17th Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Offices Ordered, That Mr. Francis Cujl do make the Report and Employ-- from the Committee of the whole House, to-whom the menu. gyj tQ indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify

themselves for Offices and Employments, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed.

Mr. Francis Cust accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving further Time for filing Affidavits of Clerks to Attornies.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be Ingrossed.

Chaplain. Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House at St. Margaret’s, upon

Saturday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meaps for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die;

Anno 130 Georgii 1II'U Regis, 1773.

Pit AYERS.

*tokn Francis Curchod took the Oaths appointed* in J Order to his Naturalization.

Fleet-Fen A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Houses and Toftsteads, having Right of Common upon a certain-Fen called Fleet Fen, in the Parish of Fleet, in the Vot. 34.

County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Parish, a certain Fen, called Fen, containing about 600 Acres, on which the Owners of Houses and Toftsteads in the said Parish have Right of Common; and that if the said Fen was divided and inclosed, it would improve the Estates of the Parties having Right of Common on the said Fen, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fen, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of DeepIngFen* Lands, lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens in the /Draining. County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; -Setting forth. That, in the Reigns of King Charles the Second, and of his late Majesty, several Acts were made, for draining and preserving the Fens called Deeping Fens, and other Fens in the said Acts particularly described; and that although great Sums have been expended in draining the fame, yet they have for some Years past been overflowed, and are ar present of very little Value; and that the same are capable of being, effectually drained, but that the Powers with which the Undertakers are invested are not sufficient . for that Purpose; and that there are now Handing, upon the Banks of the River Welland, adjoining to the said Fens, in the Parish of Spalding, some Buildings of small Value; and it is necessary they should be taken down, in order to widen the said River, for the better effecting the said Drainage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of the said several Acts, and for effectually draining and improving the said Lands, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pow-nall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee, Basingstone to whom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed Road*,

to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham in the same County, and' from thence through Bently, Hollyborn, Alton,

Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

John Duthy, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; and that there is £.3,600 due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be- given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter, the Powers, of an Act,

U. . made

<0

Upton Field* inclosure.

Peterborough

Road.

Durham

Road.

74

28° Jamarii. A. 1773.

made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called fione, near the Town of Bagfhotin the Parish of Windle-sham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimely and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton,

Bishop’s Sutton, New Alresford, and otherwise

Matterley Lane, to the City of in the County of Southampton: And that Sir Henry St. John, Sir Simeon Stuart, and Mr. Cornwall, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame,

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Upton, and' of the Proprietors of the Lands in the Common Fields called Upton Fields, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Common Fields are fit and proper to be inclosed and divided, and will be of great Advantage to the Proprietors and Owners thereof; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrafston to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Money collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Act is near expiring; and that the said Road cannot be sufficiently kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed and now due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Toll Gate at the South End of Bridge; and also

the Road leading from a certain Place in the Parish of Lilford, in the County of Northampton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Th to Brampton Pound, in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for making Provision for repairing, ^mending, and widening, the new or additional Roads herein before mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knightley, Mr. Skipwith, $c. :tAnd they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees named, appointed, and ^leded, to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made and pasted in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the high Road " ieading.from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to "Tyne Bridge, in the said County

and the other of them passed in the 26th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

" pasted in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the " City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne " Bridge, in the said County;" and also of several of the

Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several I’urnpike Gates erected in and upon the said Road, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Two several Acts, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road; and that the Sum of 5,980/. has been borrowed on the Credit thereof, which now remains due, with a large Arrear of Interest; and that the said Sum, together with the Tolls collected, have been laid out according to the Directions of the said Acts; but, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing thereon, with narrow Wheels, several of which Carriages are by the said former Acts exempted from paying the Tolls thereby granted, and the Tolls annually received upon the said Road not raising a sufficient Fund to answer the Purposes of the said Road, the same is still in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be completed, and kept in Repair, unless greater and other Tolls be granted, and the said former Acts be repealed, and reduced into One, and the Terms and Powers therein granted further continued, amended, and made more effectual, and the said Trustees be enabled to borrow a further Sum of Money, to complete the Repairs of the said Road; and that the completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the County of Durham, and the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Parts adjacent, and the Commercial Interest of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing and reducing the said Two several Atts of Parliament into One, and for the further continuing, explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Terms and Powers thereby granted; and for the more effectual repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Read, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Bowman, Clerk, William Battle, William Scoolcroft, Benjamin Edwards, and Ralph Wife, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Market Weight on with Skipton, in the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, commonly called Great North Field, Little North Field, Great Wold Field, Little Wild Field, and Acres, Little Sand Field,

Great Sand Field, Sliipton North Field, South Field,

and Shipton Sand Field, containing together, by Estima-tion, 4,200 Acres, or thereabouts, and divers Commons or Waste Lands, containing together, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open Fields and Commons, or Waste Lands, lie difperled and intermixed, and are not, in their present Situation, capable dflmprovement; and that it would tend greatly^ 9 to

Market-

Weighton

inclosure.

Newcastle and Sunderland Coal Trade.

Scotland-.

Custom-

House

Accounts*

1

13 Geo. ML S§° Jantidri75

to the Benefit of the Petitipners, ind be of public Utility, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others ihterested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commons, or Waste Lands, in i'uch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord John *

dish, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Coal Trade, and to the Public in general, and also be an Encouragement to the Owners of Ships to take Apprentices for the Sea Service, if the said Act, which expires on the First Day t>f June next, should be further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, or for such other Term as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savi and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1742 to 17715 dif-

tinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts: And also.

An AtCotant of the Quantity of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, imported into Scotland, from the 20th Day of May last, to the ift Day of January Instant; distinguishing the Countries from whence, and the Ports into which, the same has been imported, aftd the Quantities imported in each Month: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into Scotland, from the ill Day of January 1772 to the ift Day of January 1773; together with an Account of the Quantity exported, from the said ift of January 1772, that has paid the Subsidy of Six Pence in the Pound on Re-exportation: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, that have been imported into Scotland, from Ireland, and from the Dominions in

America, from the ift of January 1772 to the ift of January 1773; distinguishing the Quantities imported from each Country: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Oats imported into Scotland, from the ift Day of January 1772 to the ift Day of January 1773; distinguishing the Countries from whence the same have been imported, and the Quantities imported in each Month: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cattle imported into Scotland, from Ireland, from the ift Day of January 1768 to the ift Day of January 1773; distinguishing each Sort: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese imported into Scotland, from ift Day of January 1768 to ift Day of January 1773: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported from Scotland, from ift Day of January 1768 to the ift Day of January. 1773: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Meal, VOL.34.

Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from Scotland, preceding the ift of January 1773, to Gibraltar, Minorca, and by the East India Company, by virtue of Powers granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Exportation of the said Commodities.

Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Guf-toms in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that have, before the 13th of November 1772, been exported from Scotland, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by the Act Twelfth of His present Majesty, Cap. ift: And also,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged j and also What Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of 1771 to the 10th

of October 1772.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Corn in Scotland, and also the Gross Amdunt of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from Midsummer 1742 to Midsummer 1772; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits extracted from Metafiles in Scotland, and also the Gross Amount of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, from Midsummer 1742 to Midsummer 1772; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1742 to Christmas 1771; difi tinguishing each Year, with the several Sorts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships the Petitioners alledge they labour under,

from

Scotland- Excise-Offic# Accounts.

Scotland —

Estates

forfeited*

Lewes

Inn-keepers.

*j6 a8° Januarii. A. 1773.

from the present Mode ol quartering Soldiers: And praying the House to alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Arkendale A Petition of Peter Johnson, Esquire, the Reverend

Inclosure. Thomas Collins, Clerk, Gentleman, Edward Lorrimer the Younger, Gentleman, John Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wais presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York, Three several Open and Common Fields, containing together 377 Acres of Ground, or thereabouts, called the West Field, Windmill Hill Field, and Holgate Field,

and also a Stinted Pasture, called The In Moor, containing 198 Acres, or thereabouts, and a Parcel of Common, called The Out , containing 90 Acres, or thereabouts, besides certain small dispersed Parcels of Waste Land; and that the several Lands and Interests of the Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grourfds, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, and be of public Utility, if the same were divided and inclosed, and all the Tithable Lands and Tenements within the said Manor were exempt from Tithes, and adequate Compensations made for the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Commons, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale aforesaid, and for exempting the same from Tithes, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fletcher Norton and Mr. Hot ham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Preston A Petition of Jeremiah , Rector of,

(Rutlandlh.) in the County of Rutland, and Henry Shield, Esquire,

Inclosure. Qm Belgrave, William Shield, and others. Owners and

Proprietors of Land and Common Right in the Open Fields of Preston aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the Parish of Preston aforesaid, several Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, and Wood Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, about 1,100 Acres; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors therein lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a considerable Advantage to the re-lpeftive Proprietors, and a public Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet, for the Benefit of the said Proprietors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenelland Lord Bertie do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Haverhill A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Road, in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rcpairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the said Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir

Sampson Gideon, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Mildenhall cution an Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year of Diainage. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Kle of Ely, and " Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall " River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North,

" bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the " East by Winter Load, Earfwell Brooke, and the hard " Lands of Mildenhall -, and for impowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying " within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled " Lands" within the First District or Division of the said Fen Lands agd Low Grounds, and of other Owners and Occupiers of Land within the said District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, for the said First District, have caused the Taxes to be duly

raised and applied, according to the Directions of the said former Act, and have borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which have enabled them to carry the said Draining into Execution, and find the greatest Benefit therefrom; but, on Account of the great Expences necessarily attending the Maintenance of those Works, the said Commissioners are unable to pay off any of the Principal Money so borrowed, without the farther Aid of Parliament; and that the Banks of the Ouse, Mildenhall, and Brandon Rivers, within the said District, have been, and still are, very much damaged, by Horses haling Boats thereon, without contributing any Thing towards the Repair thereof; and that it has been found, that the Powers given by the said Act are not sufficient for the effectual Draining and Preservation of the said District: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a further Tax upon the Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said District, for the Purpose only of reducing the said Debt, laying such small Tax on the said Haling, and granting such further Powers and Authorities, for the better Draining the said District, and preserving the Banks and Works thereof, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of North Level certain Lands, Part of the North Level, lying in the +5h P,ftr‘a lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and bounded rainaSe-on the West by the East Bank of Gold Dike, and the East Bank of Knar Lake; on the North by the South Bank of that Part of the Old South Eau, which runs

from

i 3 Geo. III. 28° Jahuarii. 77

from Gold Dike to Clows Cross; on the East by the West Bank of that Part of the Old South , which runs from Guy him unto Clows Cross; and on the South, by the North Bank of the Counter Drain; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, " Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke " of Bedford and Eajrl of Lincoln; and for enabling the " Proprietors of Lands in the North Level,-Part of the " said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level, in the Debts of the " laid Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; " and for the more effectual draining and preserving the " laid North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, " in the Manor of Crow land the said Lands were

called The Fourth DiJlriEl of (the said North Level, and chargeable with a Yearly Rate, for the First Two Years, the Sum of Two Shillings an Acre, or, after the Expiration of the said Term of Two Years, the Annual Sum of One Shilling an Acre, for the inward Works of the said District; and that the said Rate has been found insufficient for the making necessary Works for the draining and preserving of the said Lands; and that a considerable Debt has been incurred, and cannot be discharged, or the said Lmds drained, unless an additional Tax be laid upon the said Lands, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to being in a Bill for raising the said Tax on the said Lands, and for the more effectual draining and preserving of the fame,' in such Manner, and with l'uch Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr.

Pownall, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s'Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wilton A Petition of Sir, Charles Baronet, Lord of

Inclosure. the ft, Janor of IVilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also the most considerable Owner of and in the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Open and Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Wilton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township or Lordship, there are several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Open or Uninclosed Grounds, computed to contain in the Whole about 700 Acres; and that the fame, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effedfing the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Hotham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Holme A Petition of the Right honourable Marmaduke Lord

Inclosure. Longdate, Lord of the Manor of Holme, upon Spalding

Moor, in the East Riding of the County of and

of Robert Burton, Esquire, William Prejion, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Vol. 34.

Lands, Tenements, and Estates, in the Township and Parish of Holme aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Township and Parish, there are several Open Fields, Cars, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 9,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners and other Persons; in the said Fields, Cars, and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, lie intermixed, and are inconveniently situated; and the lame, as well as the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are; in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Proprietors, and also of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields,

Cars, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons or Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Drat thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands in the ladofure. several Open Fields within the Township and Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, or otherwise interested in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Township and Parish, there are several Open Fields, commonly called Kirk Dyke Field, Mill Field,

North Field, and West Field, containing together, by Estimation, 150 Acres, or thereabouts, in which the Estates of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and are otherwise inconveniently situated j and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein,' the same would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors, and also of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields within the Township and Parish of Drax aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Allanfon, the Lord Downe, and Mr. Edward Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend John Watson, Clerk, Stockport Master of Arts, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church Glebe Lands, of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and Sir George Warren, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the Redtory of the said Parish Church of Stockport, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner,

John Watson, in Right of his said Redtory, is fieifed of certain Glebe Lands, within the Town and Parish of Stockport aforesaid, on Part whereof are now (landing some ancient Messuages, Cottages,'and other Buildings; and that several other Parts of the Glebe Lands of the Petitioner, John Watson, are very conveniently situated for building upon; and great Benefit would accrue to the said Redtory, and the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the Rector for the Time being was enabled to grant Leases of the said Glebe Lands and Premilfes for a Term of Years; and that the Glebe Lands lying within the said Township of Stockport, consist of (amongst divers others) several Closes, or Parcels of Land, called The Further Hole, The Allen Field, The Allen Perle, and The Crompton Meadow, containing together Seven Acres,

Two Roods, and Twenty seven Perches, or thereabouts, of the yearly Value of Twenty-four Pounds; and that the Petitioner, Sir George Warren, is seised in Fee Simple of and in several Closes, or Parcels of Land, in the said Township of Stockport, and adjoining ordying contiguous

7 8 28° — . 1773.

to Part of the said Glebe Land, called by the Names of A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, R:chmond The Nearer Coney Green, The Further Coney Green, The and other the Inhabitants of Richmond, and Places ad- Bl1 8e‘

Nearer Carr, The Further Carr, and The Meadow, con- jacent, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are there-

taining together Twelve Acres, One Rood, and Thirty- tinto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

nine Perches, or thereabouts, of the Yearly Value of Setting forth. That great Benefit and Advantage would

Twenty-four Pounds, and a Barn, now held with the aril'e to the Inhabitants of the Counties of Surrey and

said Premifi'es, of the yearly Value of Forty Shillings; and to the Public in general, if a commo-

and that the Petitioners have, with the Consent of the dious Bridge was built across the River of Thames, from

Lord Bishop of Chester, Ordinary of the said Diocese, Richmond aforesaid, to the opposite Shore; and that the

mutually agreed to make an Exchange of the said l'eve- same would be a Means to prevent Dangers and Incon-

ral Clol'es, or Parcels of Land: And therefore praying, voniencies to His Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the fe- praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill veral Purposes above mentioned. for building a Bridge across the said River of Thames,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Shore in the County of Middlesex-, and to enable His

Francis Vincent and Major Egerton do prepare, and bring Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond in, the fame. aforesaid, to certain Persons to be therein named, with such Provision for railing Money for building and keep-Bouillon’s A Petition of IsabelBouillon, Spinster, was presented ing such Bridge in Repair, and for making necessary and

Nat. to the House, and read; Praying, That L.ave may be suitablelioads to approach the lame, so that His Majesty’s

given to bring in a Bill lor her Naturalization Subjects may at all Times, for ever hereafter, use and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- enjoy the said Bridge, and' the lloads to and from the cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that lane, as a public Highway; and that in such Manner

Mr. Walsinghamand Sir George Warren do prepare, and as to the House shall leem meet,

bring inj the fame. The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in-Offices An ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have formed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His *nd Employ- omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Content, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned,

ments. ments> an(j for giving further Time for that Purpose, Biat the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

was read the Third Time. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments appear to them, to the House:

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow,

Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and

and Solicitors. all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The Order of the Day being read; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Corn and

Samboum A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the f0V1 ons*

Jncioiure. Aereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed whole House, to consider further of the present high

and Commonable Land, in the Manor of Sambotirn, in Trice of Corn and Provisions. the Parish of Coughton, in the County of Warwick, was.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That And then the House adjourned till 1 c-morrow

there is a large Uninclosed Common, called Sambourn Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Heath, and other Commonable Land, called Sambourn Commons, within the said Manor, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but which would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, called Sambourn Heath, and the other Commonable Land within the said Manor, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. \ P ETITI ON of Sir Brownlozv Baronet, King’s DelpU Dowdeswell and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, Devie, Clerk, James Delarue, Esquire, and the fame. Child, Gentleman, and others, was presented to the Earcytt IVn

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners DriunaSe-Congratula- Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad- and others are the Proprietors of several Fen Land and tions to dress be presented to His Majesty, to offer the raoft Low Grounds, called King’s Delph and Roods,

His Majesty. humble and affectionate Congratulations of this House and also of several other Fen Lands and Low Grounds to His Majesty, on the happy Delivery of the Queen, adjoining the fame, in a Place called Farcett Fen, in the and the Birth of another Prince; and to allure His County of Huntingdon, which are subject to be over- Majesty, that every Addition ro His Domestic Felicity, flowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, for want of a and to the Stability of His Illustriious House, from which proper Drainage, and which are by that Means rendered these kingdoms have received the most essential Bene- in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Petitioners fits, mult always afford the highest Satisfaction to His and others: And therefore praying, That Leave may be faithful Commons. given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving the

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His laid Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in such Manner,

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His and under such Regulations, as to the House shall Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. seem meet.

Ordered,

V eneris, 290 Januarii;

Anno 13° Georgii IIItH Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

i3 Geo. III. 290 Januarii. 79

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cotton, Sir Sampson

Gideon, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cromwell A Petition of the Most noble Henry Duke of New-

Inclosure. cajile, I,ord of the Manor of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also Patron of the Redlory of

Cromwell aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend William Rafail, Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the said Church, and of Joseph Pock/ington, Esquire, one of the Land Owners and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners 'are Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the said Parish, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated; and that the same are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudfnel and Mr. Treasurer of the Household do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Curchod’s A Bill for naturalizing John Francis Curchod, was Nat* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Van, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carlton A Petition of Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure. Manors, and of Miles Stapleton, Thomas Mould, Gentlemen, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Estates, within and belonging to the Townships or Territories of Carlton anti Camblesforth, in the several Parishes of Snaith and Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within, and belonging to, the several Manors and Townships or Territories of Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid, several Open Arable Fields, containing together, by Estimation, 350 Acres, or thereabouts, and certain Marshes, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 172 Acres or thereabouts, in \vhich the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners and others are intermixed, and inconveniently situated; also several Commons, or Waste Grounds, called* Camblesford Common, Sow Green, and Way Brigg Green, containing together 600 Acres, and upwards; together with several ulelels and unprofitable Lines, Banks, and other Waste Grounds, many Parts of which Open Fields, Marshes, Ingsj or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, are subject to be overflowed; and that the Ferry over the River Air, from Carlton, at or near the Ferry House there, to the Road leading to Snaith and other Places in the said County, is very inconvenient and dangerous, and sometimes impassable; and that, if the same several Open Fields, Marshes, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, Commons, Banks, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and such Parts thereof drained, and specific Shares of the Whole allotted to, and veiled in, the several Parties Vol. 34.

interested therein, and if a Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry', the same would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners, and . the rest of the Proprietors of Estates within the said several Manors and Townships or Territories, and also of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, or Meadow Ground, and the Common or Moor, Marshes, Banks, and Waste Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Manors and Townships or Territories of Carlton and Camblesforth, in the several Parishes of Snaith and Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York; for draining such Part thereof as shall be necessary; for better maintaining the Banks within the said several Manors and Townships or Territories respectively; and for building a Bridge cross the River Air. from or near the Ferry House at Carlton aforesaid, to the opposite Side or Shore, or for such of the said Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafcelies,

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the Coun- Devon ty of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Poor* Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Relief of the " Poor, in the County of Devon And praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to enable the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said County to make good, to the several Subscribers, the Deficiencies of the Funds established by the said Act, out of their respective Poor Rates, where necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill ‘ is committed. /

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the acting Trustees appointed in and Exe*er by an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Roa s‘ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continueand render more effectual Two Acts, for amending " several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for " repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge,

" and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River " at or near Countess Wear, in the County of Devon;" and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have expended considerable Sums of Money; and that the said Roads cannot be properly repaired at a less Expence than the further Sum of ,£.3,000; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have also proceeded to erect a new Bridge over the River Exe; but find that it will be impossible for them to complete the same for the Sum already granted them by Parliament; and that, in order to complete the same, and the several Avenues thereto, there will be wanting at least the further Sum of f.7,000; and that the Trustees nominated in the said Act, for building a new Bridge at Countess Wear, and for widening and amending the Roads leading thereto, have likewise proceeded in the said Work, and have already expended and contracted

for

Snaith

Inclosure.

Stratford

Inn-keepers,

Mailing-

Street

Roads.

Hertford-

Bn^qe-Hill

Road.

8o 29 ° Januarii. 1773-

for nearly the whole Sum of £. 3,000 granted for that Purpose; but find that the further Sum of Two thousand Pounds will be necessary for the Completion thereof; and, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that it will be of Advantage to the general Trust, if a Part of the Road comprized in the last mentioned Act, leading from the Oxford Inn to Howelf s House, at present under tl^e Direction of particular Trustees, were incorporated with, and made Part of, the Roads subject to the Direction and Management of the Trustees generally named to carry into Execution the Powers of the said several Acts; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that the several. Tolls and Duties already granted by Parliament will be greatly inadequate to the Discharge of the Interest of such Monies as have been, or maybe, borrowed for the Purposes above-mentioned, and the Repair and Maintenance of the said Bridges and Roads, and other necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Trust; and that in the Execution of the said Trust they have been liable to various Frauds and Inconveniencies, which they apprehend might be obviated, if the Powers given by the said several Acts were explained, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying the House to grant them Power to borrow and take up such further Sum or Sums of Money, and to collcdl such additional Tolls and Duties, as may enable them effectually to carry into Execution, and to complete, the several Purposes in the said Acts recited; and to give them such further Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Town-ships of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of ,was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers: And therefore praying the House to alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such Way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. HaYcourt presented to the House according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green, through the Parishes of Efckingham and and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of in the said County; so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green, through the Parishes of Etchinghamand Burwash aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling, the Road leading from Hert-S

fordbridgehill to the Town of in the County of Southampton -, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge-kill aforesaid to the Town of in the same Coun-

ty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act passed, for repairing the said Road from to

the several Towns of Basingstoke and Odiham, which Act was, by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, except as therein altered or amended, continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Sums, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said 'Acts; yet the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further enlarged, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said present fulfilling Term, and for granting to the Petitioners such further necessary Powers for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry St. John, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William , Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, That a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or

near Selby, in the said County of York; and representing to the House, that, by virtue of an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the County of the Petitioners and others are become the present Undertakers of the said Navigation; and that, under the Powers of the said Act, the said River was made and hath been kept navigable, from the Town of Leeds to its Jundlion with the River Ouze, from whence the said last mentioned River is navigable, as well to the said Town of Selby, as to the River Humber; and, in order to render the Navigation of the said Rivers Air and Colder more convenient and useful to the Community, the Petitioners are now applying to Parliament, for Powers to extend and improve the fame, at their own proper Charge, without any acWitional Tolls or Lock Dues; and that the making such Canal from Holbeck to Selby will divert and deprive the Petitioners said Navigation of so considerable a Part of the Water which now flows into and supplies the fame, as will render the Passage of Vessels therein, in some Parts of the Year, impracticable, and be in many other Respects highly prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal, Inhabitants o i Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough,

Boroughbridge,

Air and Calder Navigation.

Stourbridge to B ilcedown Fool Roads.

Stourbridge to Wordesley Green Gate Roads.

13 Geo. III. 29 Januariu81

Boroughbridge, Wet her by, Aldborough, Richmond,

Northallerton, Thirji, Malton* and elsewhere, in the County of is referred: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now. presented.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " several Roads leading from the Market House in " bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and respectively;" so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in

the said County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Halef, to the Cross of the Hands; near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands near the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street, in the said Town of Birmingham, called The New Street, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in repairing of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the said Act altered, varied, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lhart appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DNix. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop,

" and Warwick, respectively;" so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the said Market House in Stourbridge to Wordesley Green Gate, and also to the Town of Bromsgrove, and also to a Place called Clap Gate, and all'o to the Sign of The Crown at in the said

Act specified, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the said Act altered, varied, and enlarged; and that the said Market House in Stourbridge is so situated, as to render the said Road, leading through the Town of Stourbridge, very narrow and in-' commodious; and the Petitioners apprehend, the Purposes of the said Act would be more effectually an-, iwered, if the Petitioners were enabled, with the Con-V01. 34.

sent of the Proprietor of the said Market House, to purchase and remove the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made a great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, varied, and enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Purposes of the said Acts would be more effectually answered, if the Course of the said Road was to be changed, in order to avoid several steep Hills, and to purchase Land for that Purpose, and also to repair a Road leading on the back Part of the Town of Halesowen, from Halesowen Furnace, by Halesowen Mill, the same being the nearest Way between the Towns of Bromsgrove and Dudley: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DMr. Ward, &c.; And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Common Right Tenements, or interested in the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Open Arable Fields of Gowdall aforesaid contain upwards of Four hundred and Seventy Acres; a Piece of Meadow Ground called The Ings, upwards of One hundred Acres; and a Common Pasture called The Intack, upwards of Eighty Acres; and that the same lie open and uninclosed, and the Property of the Petitioners therein much dispersed, and is at present of little Value; but would be greatly improved, if their several Shares were united and laid together, and an Inclosure made thereof; and that there are also, within the said Township, several Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole upwards of Three hundred and Twenty Acres, whereon the Petitioners have a Right of Common of Pasture; which Commons, or Waste Grounds, are at present of little Advantage, and yield very little Profit; and that several Parts of the Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, are subject to be overflowed, and are wet and marftiy, and would be much improved by a proper Embankment and Drainage; and Y that

Bromsgrove and Dudley Roads.

Gowdall

Inclosure.

8i 2 90 JamariL A. 1775-

that the Petitioners are desirous to indole and divide the said Fields* Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and to have the same fevered and di* vided amongst them* according to their several Estates and Interests therein, and also to have such Parts there*-of as are subject to be overflowed, or which are wet and miarlhy, properly embanked and drained i Two separate Allotments being previously intended to be made to the Lords of the said Manor 5 and Two other separate Allotments to the Impropriator of the Great Tithes in Goivdall aforesaid, and to the Vicar or Curate of the Parish Church of aforesaid* in Lieu of all Great and Small Tithes arising, or to arise, in aforesaid, the Precincts or Territories thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blackett, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shea/by A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

tndo/ure. thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Land, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Liberties or Hamlet of Sheajby, in the Parish of Knapt and County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Land of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the dividing and inclosing the same would be a great Benefit to the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray. Sir John Vaimer, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gayle* A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inclosure. thereunto subscribed, having an Interest in the Common, or Moor, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor and Township of Dalton Travers, otherwise Gayles, in the Parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, a Common, or Moor, called Gayles Moor, containing in the Whole 1,400 Acres, and upwards, which, in its present State, is of little or no Value, and incapable of Improvement} and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their several and respective Shares, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dundasand Mr. C do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Southampton A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of

Poor. the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and of the Warden and poor Children of the Hospital of Saint John Baptist, in the same Town and County, and of the major Part of the Visitors of the same Hospital, and also of several Gentlemen and others, Inha-1

bitints of the said Town* and the Liberties thereof whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Town are Six separate Parishes, the Poor whereof have been heretofore distinctly provided for by Taxation within each Pari 111; but, the Petitioners conceive* it would tend greatly to the Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes within the said Town, if the said several Parishes were united, and the Rp.es to be collected therein for the Relief of the Poor were consolidated; and that, in or about the Year 1673, a certain Messuage, in French Street, within the said Town, then used for putting poor People to Work* was erected into an Hospital* called The Hospital of Saint John Baptist, and founded and established for the Maintenance and Reception of a Warden and Six poor Boys, and for setting of poor People on Work therein} that the said Hospital is a spacious Building, and capable of receiving the general Poor of the said Town, without Prejudice to the original charitable Institution thereof} and that it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the Petitioners were enabled to maintain and support the Poor of the said Town within the said Hospital; and that a considerable Part of the Roads leading to the said Town lies in the Parish of All Saints, and in an Extra-parochil Place, called The Common, within the Liberties of the said Town,

and hath been repaired, partly by the said Parish, and partly by the Parishes of Holy Rhood and Saint Lawrence, by ancient Custom; that, the said Roads being made Turnpike, the Petitioners are advised that the said Pa-riflies of Holy Rhood and Saint Laurence are not now obliged by Law to make such Reparations, or compound for the fame, the Obligation to repair or compound being now by Law laid on the Parish in which the Road lies} and that other Parts of the Roads lead- < ing to the said Town have been repaired by the Parish of Saint Mary, and by the Ward of Saint Michael and Saint John, by ancient Custom; but many Disputes have arisen, between the Inhabitants of the said Ward and Parishes, as to the Extent of the said Reparations; and that all the Inhabitants of the said Town receive an equal Benefit from the Roads, and are desirous to contribute equally to the Burthen of the Reparation, in Ease of the Parishes wherein the Roads lie, and for the Prevention of future Disputes concerning such Reparations; which they apprehend cannot be effected, unless the several Parishes and Wards within the said Town are united into One District, for the Purpose aforesaid: and therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned, under such Regulations, and with such Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter # thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Palmerston, Mr. Stanley,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord ifinchingbrook reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Yesterday (to congratulate His Ma- Addref*. jesty on the happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of another Prince) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleated to receive the same very graciously; and returns Thanks to this House, for this Instance of their affectionate Attachment to Him and His Family*

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Rougemon; concerned in the Bill for taking down the Courts of Juf- (Dev°n) tice in the Castle of Rougemont, in the County of Devon,

and

v

13 Geo. III. 29

and for building the said Courts in a more commodious Manner; which Bill was, upon the 7th Day of

ber iaft, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is Concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. , &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bradshaw took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bradshaw reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next,

Mr. Bradshaw also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Battel An ingrafted Bill to enable Thomas Hooker, of Gunpowder bridge, in the County of Esquire, Thomas Ml1* of the same Place, Gentleman, and William Moon, of Tonbridge Wells, in the said County, Carpenter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to continue to work a certain Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable certain Persons therein named, to continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the Parish of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Means. |ng nex(;? resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. D have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Vox.. 34.

— 10 Februarii. 8 3

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before

this House, a Copy of the General Confutations, dated Fort William, 16 May 1768.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of an Estimate, delivered in by the Chief Engineer at Fort William, dated 13 Jane 1768, together with the Consultations of that Day.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Luna, ib die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773.

PftAYERS.

\ Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Sawley XjL thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Land, Inclosur*. in the Open and Common Fields of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Land of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, it would be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the most Noble William Duke of De- Church vonshire, Lord of the Manor of Church Broughton, in Broughton the County of Derby, and the humble Petition of feve* ral other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows* and Grounds, in which the Property of the several Owners thereof lies dispersed and intermixed, and also certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, cannot be much improved; and that a general Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of the said several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, would be of great Advantage to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Division and Inclosure, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House ifcall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavetidish, Mr. Clarke, and Sir John

tejley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Newcastle-Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign under-Line of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re* Roadspairing and widening the Road from Neweafile-under-,f Line to Haffop, and from Middle Hills to the -

" field Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road " branching out of the said first-mentioned. Road at bridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Shelton, in the County of Stafford," was

presented

84 i° FebruariL 177

prefefited to the House, and fead; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Ail in Execution; but that, in several Particulars, the same has been found defective; and that, if the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, and the Term granted by the said Act was further continued, and the several Powers explained and amended, it would be for the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the Public in general; and that the Road called Field Lane, which branches

out of the said Road between under Line and

Cobridge, to the Turnpike Road at and also the

several Roads branching out of the said Road, between Middlehilhand Buxton, that is to say, from Green Lane, near Buxton, to the AJliborne Turnpike Road, on Cote-heath, from Ladmanlow to Fhatchmarfi and Ravenjloiv Coal Pits, from Flash Toll Bar and Axedgd to,

and from thence to Kand Black Clough Coal Pits, and from Axedge aforesaid, to Hurkillow Frith and Higkedge Limekilns; and also the Road branching out of the said Road, between Middlehills and from

Isaac Billings's House to Gold/citch Coal Pits, and from theftce to Quarnford, are in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be for the Advantage of the Public, if the Powers of the said Act were extended to the said several Branches: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual, and for dividing the said Turnpike Roads into Two Parts or Districts; and for making, repairing, and widening, the said several Branches above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr.

Montagu, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Market Lord George Cavendifli presented to the House, ac-

Weighton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fe-Inclosure. veral Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of Market Weighton, with in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brighthelm- -Mr- Morton reported from the Committee, to whom Hone the Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are Paving, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of

helmftone, in the County of was referred. That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Shergold, being examined, said. That the Town of

Brighthelmstone is become a public Place of Resort for the Benefit of Bathing in the Sea; and that the Pavements of the several Streets in the said Town are, by Reason of the great Number of Carriages which pal's and repass through the fame, become very ruinous; and

that the said Town is ill cleansed and lighted, and rendered narrow and incommodious by Projections and other Annoyances; and that if the same were properly lighted, paved, and cleansed, and the Annoyances therein removed, and prevented for the future, it would lend greatly to the Benefit and Health of the Inhabitants of Bright helmstone aforesaid, and all Persons resorting thereto; and if a Market was established in some

convenient Part Of the said Town, bhder proper Regulations, for the Sale of all Sorts of Provisions, it would also tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof; that there is a Place called ‘The Bartholomew, which is a*fpd* ciouSi and he thinks a well-adapted, Place for that Purpose:

That great Part of the said Town having been destroyed by the breaking in of the Sea, several Groyns were some Years since erected, which have prevented the same; that the said Groyns are now become greatly out of Repairj and the Inhabitants are unable to raile Money sufficient to repair the fame; and that the putting the said Groyns in Repair, and erecting others which should happen to be necessary, may be done by the Aid of a small Tonnage or Duty, to be laid on all Ships importing and unlading Coals on the Beach or Coast, at Brighthelmftoneaforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town of Brightltelmstone, in the County of Sussex-, for removing Nuisances and Annoy-

ances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market, within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyhs, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes: And that Mr.

Morton and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors Horseington of, or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, Iudofure. and Grounds thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which are computed to contain in the Whole 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Lord Bmvnlozv Bertie, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed by an Act Kington of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, which hath been applied in amending the same, and in defraying the several Expences attending the Execution of the Trust reposed in them, which Money now remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unlel's the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said^ Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. Scudamore, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

the

13 Geo. III. i° Februarii 85

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power t<y fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hof* A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-Road*. fion an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Hoads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to amend the said Roads, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit oPthe Tolls thereby granted, which now remain due; and that the Tolls collected upon some of the Branches of the said Roads are found insufficient for the necessary Repairs thereof; and that it would be a Relief to the several Persons residing near and frequenting the said Roads, if the Petitioners were exempted from the Expence of repairing those Roads, and if the Tolls now payable thereon were to cease; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein, the Money now owing on the Credit thereof cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of the said Act, and for making such Amendments therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Scudamore, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

HocWold, A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors tec. of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the Drainage, several Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships, of Hockwold, Wilton, Felt-well, Methwold, and Southery, in the County of Norfolk, and in Lakenheath, and a certain Extra-parochial Place called Norland, in the County of Suffolk, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, between certain Rivers called Brandon Creek, Stoke River, and the River Ouzi, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, frdm the low and flat Situation thereof, and the Decay of their Banks and Drains, are liable to be overflowed, to the great Loss of the several Persons having Estates therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. De Grey, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stanton A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Nuneham, Harcourt the Warden and Fellows of All Souls College, in Oxford, liidoiuro. antj others. Owners and Proprietors of Land, and other-wile interested, in several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, and the said other Commonable Lands, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Vol. 34.

doling, the said Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Vernon, Lord Charles Spencer, and Colonel Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough Palsgrave of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of Inclosure.

York, Lords of the Manor of Falfgrave otherwise IV grave, in the Parish of Scarborough aforesaid, also of Sir Charles Thompson, Baronet, Impropriator of the Tithes of

Falfgrave otherwise IValfgrave aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are lubscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, Messuages or Cottages, or Scites of Messuages or Cottages, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, several Open and Uninclosed Commons, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called by the several Names of Falfgrave otherwise IValfgrave Moor, Court Green, Fold Hill, and The Town Green, containing by Efti-mation 800 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of much Improvement; and that the Petitioners have come to an Agreement for dividing and inclosing the fame, and for having specific Parts and Shares of the said Premises allotted to the Parties, according to their different Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclolure of the Commons, Commonable and Waste Grounds above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition J And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and brin|; in, the lame,

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Beverley thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act Road* of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at " Hejle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel " Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York," and of the several Persons whose Names are also thereunder written, in Behalf of themselves, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which have been^aid out in the Repairs of the said Road, and for other the Purposes of the said Act, and now remain unpaid; and that, the Tolls granted by the said Act being fixed at low Rates, the said Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the said Tolls be increased, and the Term granted by the said Act further continued, and the rowers thereof varied and enlarged; and that the Road from the said Gravel Pit at Cottingham to in the same County, and from thence to West Ella and Kirk Ella, in the County of the Town of upon

Hull, and extending from Ragwell aforesaid to and through the Town of North Cave, in the said County, and from thence through the Town of Howden to Booth Ferry, and from thence to and through the Towns of Armin, Thorne, and Hatfield, to Doncaster, and also the Road from a Place called the Mares Gate Pit, in the Township of Swauland, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through the Towns of Ferriby, Melton, and Welton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brough to South Cave, at or near the Southermost Guide Post in the Township of Brantingham, are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow and dangerous, so as to be frequently impassable for Wheel Carriages Z in

86 i° Februarii. A. 1773.

in Wiftter, and at many other Times very difficult and dangerous for Persons travelling in Carriages or on Horleback; and cannot be sufficientlyamended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to . bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and also for the several other Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to thetri, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

P-efton in A Petition of William Constable, Esquire, Lord of the

Holdernels Manor of Preston in Holderness, in the Ball Riding of the Inclosure. County of York, and of Elizabeth , Spinster,

Joseph Sykes, and Richard , Esquires, and Thomas Crojland and Richard BuGentlemen, and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Township. of Preston aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Town-Blip, are divers Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pallure Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and the Freehold and Copyhold Parts thereof so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of Improvement; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadow and Pallure Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ernsworth A Petition of the Owners of Lands and Estates, in the lndofuie. several Townships of Brinsworth, Catliffe, Orgrave, and Tinsley, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Fields, a Common Pallure, with a considerable Tract of Commons and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners and others, according to their respective Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Pallure, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kettering A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Road. made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -worth. Sir William Dolbett,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Galey A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Incloiuie. lough by de Broke, and the humble Petition of Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet, Moreton Walhouse, Esquire,

and others, Freeholders, or Persons feiled of Freehold Estates, or possessed of Copyhold Estates, lying within

the Townships of Hatherton, Otherton, Water

Eaton, and Kinvaflon, in the County of ,whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the said County, a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Galey Common, containing 600 Acres or thereabouts, which, in its present Situation, affords little or no Profit or Advantage, but is capable of great Improvement, if the same was inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their respective Interests:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cttrzon, Sir William Bagot, and Sir John , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Lord of Hackonby the Manor of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln, John inclosure« Hopkinson, Esquire, Ann Franklin, Widow, Mary Clay,

Widow, and Jeremiah Baker, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, in the said Parish of Hackonby, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands there, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Lands of the Proprietors in the Open Fields, and Meadows, in the said Parish, lie intermixed, and difperied in (mail Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Common Fen belonging to the said Parish, containing by Ellimation 1200 Acres or thereabouts, being frequently overflowed, yields but little Profit to the Proprietors, who have Right of Common thereon; but, if the same was imbanked and drained, and the fame, together with the said Fields and Meadows, was divided and inclosed, the Whole might be improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the said Parish of Hackonby, and for draining and improving the said Fen, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Whichcot, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- withamFen* cution so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of (2d putrid) the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called 0 " The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham,

in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the " High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea," as relates to the Second Dislrih in the said Act mentioned, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute " tie. Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain other " Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the Parts of " Holland, in the County of Lin," the Surplus of Money arising by virtue of the said Acts, which, should remain in the Hands of the Commissioners for executing the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign

North Level (2<1 District) Drainage.

13 Geo. III.

Februarii.

87

of His present Majesty, after discharging all the Expences directed to be paid thereout by either of the said Act'ts, was directed to be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Second to be by

them applied to the Purposes of the said Distddt; and that, lihee the passing of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, several Sums of Money have been expended, in carrying on Prosecutions against several riotous and ill-disposed Persons, in Defence of the Execution of the said Acts; and that a much larger Sum of Money hath been paid into the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Second Dislritl, by the Commissioners for dividing the said Holland than is wanted for the Purposes of the said Dillridl; and that Doubts have arilen, how far the Commissioners of the said District are impowered to discharge the said Sums of Money so expended in carrying on the said Prosecutions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing' and impowering- the Commissioners of the said Second DiJlriEt to discharge, out of the said Surplus Money, all such Sums of Money as have been expended in carrying on the said Prosecutions, and are not yet repaid; and to dispose of the Remainder of such Surplus Money in such Manner as may moll effectually contribute to the Purposes of the Second , and as to the

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lurd Bertie, Mr.

cot, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of fevepal of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands, called or known by the several Names of Northea, Willow Hall, North Fenn, Prior's Fern, The Springs, Cowcroft, and BaJJenhall Moor, in the Township of WhitleJey Eye, and Stan within the Isle of Ely, in the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Northampton, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty -King George the Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level, and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, the said Lands (amongst others) were in the said Act stiled The Second Dislrici of the said North Level, and charged with an annual Sum of One Shilling an Acre for the Inward Works of the said District, for every Year after passing of the said Act; and that the said Tax has been found inlulficient to answer the Purposes of draining and preserving the said Lands; and that a considerable Debt . has been incurred, which cannot be discharged, nor the said Lands completely drained, unless an additional Tax be laid upon the said Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more cfledluai draining and preserving the said Lands, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pow-

nall,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Vol. 34.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perlbrts, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub- Cimbridge feribed. Inhabitants of Cambridge, Cleft crton, RoaJs-

Histon, Cottenham, Rampton, and 'Bingham, in the County of Cambridge, and of the several Parishes of Haddcnham, Wilburton, IVcut worth, Sutton,

Coveney, and Mepall, in the Isle of Ely, and said County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Haddcnham, being Part of it only a Bridle Wpy, is very inconvenient, and that the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Towns have laboured under great Ineon-veniencies for several Years past, by being obliged to pay, at a Gate called The Hejfon Gate, as much for travelling Two Furlongs as those who travel Twenty- five Miles on the said Road; and that the Commissioners of the GodmanchesterTurnpike Road not mending or repairing any Part of the Road leading from the said Gate towards Histon, but the same is repaired by the Inhabitants of Chesterton, Impington, and Histon, in which Parishes the said Road lie;, and has of lace Years been several Times indicted when out of Repair, and the Inhabitants of Ckejlerton put to great Expence; and that a Road might be made from the Pat‘.111 of Saint Giles, in the Town of Cambridge, to a ceirain Meervay in on the Back of the C. ,’e Yard, and from thence to the Road called Hijion Road to House in Impington, called The Chequer, and from thence to the Sign of I he Boot in Histon, and from ther.ve to the Sign ot The Bell in His-ton, and from thence through a Lane in Hijion, called Guns Lane, to and between Two Cloies, one in Hi Jon, called Rampton Close, and the other in Cottenham, called Godfreys CioJ'e, and from thence to a Lane called

Cuckoz vLane, which lies in the Hamlet of Wesiwick, and the Parishes of Cottenham and Rampton, and from thence upon a Balk in Rampton Field, to an ancient high Hayden, or Greenway, called Sand Pond Hayden, in the Parish of RampUn, to a Place in Rampton, ealled Buffo Close, and from thence along the said M_e. way, which divides Willingham and Rampton, to a Place in Willingham, called Belcher's Hills, and from thence along a certain Cauley, called Aldreth Causey, to the Hamlet of Al-drelh, and from thence up the Hill, through the Town of Haddcnham, to a Place called Staple Lane, in the Parish of Wentworth, and up a Balk in Wentworth Field, called Bollum Balk, to a Guide Post on the Turnpike Road from Ely to Sutton, and cross such Turnpike Road to the first House in Witcham, in the Occupation of Barber Holmes, and along a Green Way in called Greet ham Way, to a Broad Way in Sutton Field, called to the End of a Close in Mepall, called The Parson's Nezv C/ofe, and along the Close belonging to the Lordship Farm there, called New Close, to a certain Gate, called Mepall Field Gate, at the Corner of Mepall Greeit, and across the said Green to a House known by the Sign of The Three in Mepall aforesaid, at the Foot of the Bridge, called Mepall Bridge, in the said Isle and County, is in a tuinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and in particular that Part' called' Aldreth Causey, which is, and has been Time immertiorial, repaired by every Parish in the said Isle, by Allotments, and by several private Persons, on Account of particular Estates; and the ’ Bridge over the Ouze, and some other Bridges, have been repaired by Owners of particular Estates being only a Bridle Road, and not fit for any Carriage, is very inconvenient, and a great Hindrance to Traffick from the-Isle of Ely to Cambridge, but might be made of great Utility to the North Part of the Isle of Ely, and particularly that the Road from Aldreth down’s End, along Aldreth Causey, should be made a Road for Carriages of all Sorts, and that the Bridges on the said Causey should be pulled down, and new ones erected in their Places, and made fit for Carriages; and that some other Parts of the Roads be widened and turned: Ar.d therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

in

88

Februarii.

A. 1773.

King’sDelph and Farcftt Fen Drainage.

Stamford to Oakham Road.

Montgomery

Sec.

Road;.

in a Bill, and grant luth Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the ft id Petition bq referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir ‘John Hynde Cotton, Sir Samp-Jon Gideon,- &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Cuji, Baronet,

James Devie, Clerk, James Esquire, John

Child, Gentleman, and others, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Lawrence Maidwell, being examined, said, That he knows the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, mentioned in the Petition; which are subject to be overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, for Want of a proper Drainage, and by that Means are rendered unprofitable to the Proprietors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King’s Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Lo yt Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcelt Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the

Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Stendground, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, the Lord Ludlow, and the Lord Htnchingbrook, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Farmers, and Tradesmen, in the County of Rutland, and in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are some of the principal Inhabitants in the said County of Rutland and Town of Stamford, who live near a Road which leads from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the said Town of Stamford, to Oakham, in the said County of Rutland, and from thence, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a Close in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, being in Length 14! Miles or thereabouts; and that the said Road is so ruinous and out of Repair in the Winter Season, that many Parts thereof are become aim oft impassable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Two or more Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll at the same; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be effectually amended, and hereafter kept in good and sufficient Repair, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr.

Hopkins,&c.: And theyareto meetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the Ninth Year of His

and have borrowed several large Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; but that the several Roads, by the said Act di-rested to be repaired, cannot be sufficiently amended, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unlei's the Term and Powers are further continued, and the Act amended and made more effectual; and that the Roads leading from L/anfair, through Newtown, to the Confines of the County of Montgomery, near the New Pound; from the Turnpike Road near Abermule, through Kerry to the Confines of the said County near Rhydy Rhiw; from Tregynon by Berriew to from Tregy-

non aforesaid, by Trefnant to the Road near Powys Castle Park; from Llanfair to Lla; from Llanidloes

by Felindre Bridge to the Confines of the County of Montgomery, near Steddfagerrigfrom Llanidloes aforesaid, to the Confines of the said County, near Tylwch -, from Nant y Cleder, over Waun Geliy felen, to join the Road from'Tylwch to Llanidloes; from Llanidloes aforesaid, through Trefeglwys, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Machynlleth to Newtown from the Turn pike Road on Fordon’s Heath, through Leighton and Buttington, by The S$uay, to join the Road from Pool to Oswestry; from Root, over the River Severn, to join the Road from For don's Heath to Buttington-, from But-

tington Croft to Guilsfield; from Guilsfield aforesaid, by or near Cefn-du, to join the Turnpike Road from Pool

to Llanfair; from the End of the Town of Pool, by

Ceunant, to join the Turnpike Road from Pool to Guilsfield-, from the Turnpike Road between Machynlleth and Newtown, by Cefn Coeli, over Berwydd and Rhbs-fawr, to join the Turnpike Road from Llanfair to Pool-, from Dovy Bridge to; from the Turn-

pike Road near Mardii to Pontyfcowrhyd; from the God-dar to the Road from Mardii to Pdntyfcowrhyd; from Pontyfcowrhyd aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Sam y Crynwr Bridge -, from by Llanfant-ffraid, to join the Road from Llanrhaiadr to Knockin at or near PeneyBout-, from Ty Coh, in Llanfechan, to the

Confines of the County of Montgomery at Llanychymrys Bridge-, from Morton Bridge, by West Felton, to the Town of Ellefnere-, from Llato join the Road from Llanfair to Forth y W near the Groe; from the Turnpike Road on or near Crezv to from the said Road on Crew Green to Buttington -, from the House now in the Occupation of Morris Oliver, in Llanfyllin, by Font Saint David, the Parish Workhouse, and Pont y Llogel, to join the Turnpike Road from Llanfair to Machynlleth; from Llanfyllin to join the Road from Llanfair to Forth y Warn near Myfod , from Llanrhaiadr to Llanwddyn; from Cae Delyn, over Cajlell-moch Bridge, to Park; from Fiji ill Rhaiadr by Llanrhaiadr, to Bryn Coch; from Pentre Shannel, through Llanrhaiadr, to Milldir-gerrig; and from Rhyd y by or near Llangedwyn, to join the Turnpike Road from Uanfantjfraid to Llanfyllin, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that the said Roads severally branch out of, and communicate with, the Roads by the before-mentioned Act directed to be repaired; and that the Repair thereof will tend as well to facilitate and improve the Communication between England and Wales, as to increase and strengthen the commercial Intercourse of the Maritime Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth with the interior Parts of the Principality, promote Trade and Manufacture, and be of public Utility; and that the Road lying between the T-.nth Mile Stone from the Welsh Gate in Shrewsbury, and the Town of Pool (being a Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the 31st Year of

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain his late Majesty’s Reign) is only Eight Miles in Length, Roads, in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and or thereabouts; and as it intercepts some of the Roads Salop, and of several other Persons whole Names are above mentioned, the Repair thereof, and of the Roads thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and with which it communicates, could be more conveni-read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a ently and effectually carried on, if the same was added considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act, to the other Roads under the Care and Management

of

13 Geo. IIL i° Februarii, 89

of the Petitioners; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, are desirous to be discharged from the Repair of the said Road, upon Condition, that the present Debt (amounting to the Sum of £.300) be, with the Consent of the Creditor, charged and secured upon the Tolls collected on the Road be-v tween the said Tenth Mile Stone and the Town of Pool; and that the Term granted for the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the Welsh Gate in Shrewsbury and the Town of being

another Part of the Roads by the said Act of the 3 ill Year of his late Ma.jeity directed to be repaired, is near expiring; and that a considerable Debt is now owing upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur-pol'es aforesaid, subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall'appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Watkin Wil-

hams Wynne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Basingstone Sir Henry Saint John presented to the House, accord-Boads. ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bajings/one, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County; and from thence, through Bentley, Ho/lyborn, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newark A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, spon Trent nefiding in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, Road*. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the Bridge at Bracebridge, in the County Of the City of Lincoln, to upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and from Newark aforesaid, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road at the Guide Post on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the County of Nottingham, arc in a ruinous Condition, and in same Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem.most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

8tc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nafjrd A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Inclosure. arc subscribed, Proprietors of several Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Bcrlingham, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Chapelry, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Property of the Vot. 34.

Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed; and that it would be advantageous to them, and the other Owners and Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, under such Regulations as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edward Winnington, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Stntfori thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed nc 0 ore* and Commonable Lands, in the Townships and Hamlets of Stratford, Wclcombe, and Bishopton, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Townships and Hamlets, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore prying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of Redstone Kidderminster, in Common Council assembled, and of Roa<l1* the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Farmers, residing in the said Borough, and in the Parish of Kidderminster, and divers other Parishes and Places in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the great Road from Kidderminster, and Places adjacent, to the Hundred House, in the High Road from Worcester to , and to

other Places in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Hereford, leads to a Place upon the Banks of the River Severn, called Redstone, in the Parish of , in

the County of Worcester, where there is an ancient Ferry, for the Conveyance of Passengers, Horses, Carts, Carriages, and Merchandizes, across the said River; and from thence, along the Turnpike Road leading frorp Redstone to the Hundred House aforesaid, and other Places in the said Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Hereford; and that the Staff ordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation falls into the Severn, near Redstone aforesaid, and a very extensive Trade is carried on there; and that the present Passage across the . said River is at all Times very inconvenient, and at high Water very dangerous and uncertain; and that the Communication between the Places aforesaid, would be rendered very safe and commodious, and of public Utility, if a Bridge was erected across the River , near Redstone aforesaid: And therefore'praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redstone aforesaid j and for making proper Avenues or Roads, to and from the same, and making Compensation or Satisfaction to the Proprietor of the said Ferry, for his Interest therein, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House *

And it is referred to Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ward,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Tardebigg whom the Bill for obviating Doubts touching the Vali- Inclosar*^ dity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed A a by

"ii&W.!,

oo i*'Februarii. A. 1773.

by an Act, passed, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor of Ten debigg,-which lies in the County of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

fcugby A Petition of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Inclostire. Lands and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields and Heath, within tire Parish of J in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates in the said Open and Common Fields and Heath, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof, great Inconveniencies do arise to the Occupiers thereof; and that the same are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Freeholders and Proprietors thereof: Avid therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields and Heath, within the Parish of Rugby aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr. Skipwil/t and Sir John W do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birmingham A Petition of John Ash, M.D. William John Banner, Paving. Samuel Bradbown, Thomas Bingham, Samuel Baker, Francis Carles, Thomas , John Cope, John,

John Ford, Samuel Gallon, Richard Samuel Flar-

vey, James Jackson, John Kettle, Sampson Lloyd, Senior, Sampson Lloyd, Junior, Michael Laken, Thomas Lutwyche, Thomas Lawrence, William May, Benjamin , John

Moody, John Ryland, Thomas Richard Rabone,

Joseph Smith, John Taylor, Esquire, John Turner, Senior, Joseph Wilkinson, William , Elias Wallen, Joseph

Webjler, Thomas Westley, being Thirty-four of the Commissioners named in, or atfting under, the Act of Parliament thereinafter mentioned; and of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being some of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That; in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act passed for laying open and widening certain Ways and raflages, within the Town of Birmingham-, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nui-lances and Obstructions therein; by which Act, the Petitioners and others were appointed Commissioners, for the Purpose of carrying the same into Execution; and that the Petitioners have begun to carry the said Act into Execution, and have made some considerable Progress therein; but the Powers given by the said Act are found to be, in several Particulars, insufficient for fully answering the Purposes for which the same were intended; and, from the small Number of Commissioners thereby appointed, it hath been at some Times difficult to procure a sufficient Number to attend the Meetings for doing the Business necessary for the Execution of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Number of Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution, and for amending and explaining the said . Aff> and extending and enlarging the Powers and Authorities thereby given to the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion be referred to the Con-fid erat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Matter, thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Sir John -tejley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend John Parsons, Rector of Birmingham the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, and County of and in Leafing!

the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in Right of his said Rectory, is seised of certain Glebe Lands, which are very conveniently situated for building upon; and that there are at present Handing, on Part of the said Glebe Lands, Two Houses, with Out -houses and other Buildings belonging thereto, which are so ruinous, that it is necessary the same should be taken down and rebuilt; and that it will be a great Improvement to the said Re£tory, if Power was given to the Rector, for the Time being, to grant a Lease, or Leases, of Part of the said Glebe and Premises, for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Persons to build thereon, and to improve the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith and Sir John Wrottefiey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bristol thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Theatre, Bristol, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the said City is large and populous, anti some Part of it much frequented by Persons of Rank and Fortune, on Account of the Medicinal Waters in the Neighbourhood thereof; and the Villages round it are inhabited by many Merchants and Gentry; and that a licensed Playhouse in the said City, under proper Regulations, would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons redding in and resorting to the fame, and its Environs, and great Benefits would result to the Inhabitants of the said City; and that some of the Petitioners are possessed of a certain Build-: ing, whhin the said City, commodiously finished and furnished for the Performance of Theatrical Exhibitions; and therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent, to licence 2 Theatre, or Playhouse, within the find City, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brickdale, Lord Clare,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open Common Fields, in the Parish of *ncIosure' Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within thej Hamlet or Tything of Arse, in the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, belonging to the Petitioners, which lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and:

that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties, according to their Interest therein, it would be a great Benefit to them:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be- g^ven to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common FitiJs, in the Hamlet or Tything-of Arse

aforesaid.

13 Geo. III. i6 Febfuarii,

aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as to the in Oxford, and of other Proprietors and Tenants ot~ House shall seem meet. Lands in the ParishtS of and Radclive cum

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Bucks, which life Contiguous to each other.

Table. / was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are several Open and Common Fields and Towey A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen^ Wastes, lying in the said Parishes, capable by Inclosure Bridge. Clergy, and Land Owners, of the County of Carmar- of great Improvement: And therefore praying for then, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf Leave that a Bill may be brought in accordingly, of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that forth, that the ancient Bridge over the River Towey, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr* Aubrey, do near to the Town of Llandovery, in the said County, is prepare, and bring in, the fame, a Bridge repairable by the said County of Carmarthen;

and that the said Bridge is at present in a ruinous Condi- Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Ratn tion, having been broken down by a violent Flood, and whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabi- koads. a new Bridge erected, in the Year 1772, upon the Foun- tants of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, was refer-dation of the said old Bridge, which new Bridge is since red, That the Committee had examined the Matter of fallen down; and that the said County has from Time the said Petition; and had directed him to report the to Time been put to very great Expences, in repairing fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he the said Bridge, and endeavouring to confine the River read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it within a certain Channel; but their Endeavours have in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and

not yet proved successful, nor, as it is believed, can any Bridge be well and securely erected upon the Spot where the old Bridge flood: And therefore praying, That Leave may be, given to bring in a Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Carmarthen, to cause a new Bridge to be erected, at the Expence of the said County, in some more commodious and secure Situation, as near as conveniently may be to the Spot where the old Bridge flood; and that such Powers may be given, for making proper Avenues to and from such new Bridge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Phillips, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Croppenhall A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in and

Latchford in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said several Townships of Croppenhall and Latchford, several large and valuable Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Croppenhall Heath, Latchford Heath, and The Ackers Heath, and all'o divers such Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, containing together, in the Whole, 183 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that the said Townships, as also the said Commons or Waste Grounds, adjoin and lie contiguous to each other; and that the said Corhmons or Waste Grounds at present afford little or no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements, and would, if fevered, divided, inclosed, and allotted, so that they might be converted into Tillage, be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the levering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said several Commons or Waste Grounds, unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. TVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr. Crewe, and

Mr. Legh of Lyme, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tingewick A Petition of Richard Earl Temple, and the humble nc o are. pet;tion of the Warden and Scholars of New College, Vol. 34.

is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the honourable Henry Hobart, being examined, said. That the Roads from Ham, through Petersham, to Richmond, are in very bad Repair, incommodious, and unsafe for Passengers. — That it would be a great Benefit and Con*-venience, to all Persons using the said Roads, if the same were amended and kept in good Repair, which cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament. —

And he added. That it would tend greatly to render the Communication between Ham, Petersham, and Richmond, safe, if Provision was made for lighting and watching the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, lighting, and watching, the Roads leading from Ham to Richmond, in the County of Surrey: Ana that Sir Francis Vincent and Sir James Cockburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Hampton whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Court and others, of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, Road' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as i| appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Richard Talmarsh, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Hampton to Staines, in the County of Middlesex, is very much out of Repair, incommodious, and unsafe for raffengers, and cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the said Road was repaired, it would be a great Convenience to all Persons making use of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given' to ’ bring in a Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Road* from Hampton Court to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Vincent and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame:

A Petition of John Hodgetts, Esquire, Lord of the Kinfare Manor of Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, and of the Inclosure. said John Hodgetts and Samuel Smith, Impropriators of the Great and Small Tythes of the said Parish of Kinfare, and also the Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,’ being Owners and Proprietors of Lands within, the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the . Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That thete are, within the said Manor,

2 certain

Ml

9i i ° Februarii. . 1773.

Certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, called Kinfare and Compton , containing,

by Estimation, 1150 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are of very little Profit to the Proprietors, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Wrottesley and Sir William do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Warrington A Petition of the Inn-keepers of , in the

and County Palatine of Lanc: And also, NotungWim a Petition of the Inn-keepers of the Town and nn- -eepers. £ounty of the Town of Nottingham:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships, which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And therefore praying the House, to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and grant them such Assistance and Relief as the Nature of it requires, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem most adviseable and proper. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Jie upon the Table.

‘Thorpe Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according Lands! lo Order, a Bill to impower the Reverend Ptolomy Humfrey} Clerk, and the Reverend John Clerk,

and CatharinaDorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes in Thorp in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid. Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of Weston, in the county of ,

Esquire; and for the setting out, assigning, and appointing,'.other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

King’s Lynn A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Bo-

Pilou. rough and Port of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of the Merchants, Owners, and Matters of Ships and Vessels, and of Gangs of Lighters and Barges, as well residing within, as trading and navigating to and from, the said Borough and Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Borough is a very ancient Borough, and a Port and Harbour for importing and exporting Merchandize; and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough have, by Charter, been a Corporation for zoo Years past and upwards; and by Letters Patent granted them by King James the First, were constituted Admirals within the said Borough, and the Port, Limits, and Bounds thereof; and by virtue of the same Letters Patent, and others since granted tathem by the Crown,

and by long Usage, have erected and put down proper Buoys and Beacons in the Channel of the said Port, and appointed Pilots for conducing Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the said Borough and Port; and that the Channel from Gore End and the Long Sand to the Port or Harbour of King's Lynn, and from thence to Staple Weere, is become very dangerous for Ships, Vessels, and 'Lightens, using the fame, and many Ships have been wrecked, and Lighters and Barges funk, by the large Bodies of Sand, which often shift; and divers un-skilful Persons, without the Licence or Authority of the said Mayor and Burgesses, have often taken upon themselves to act as Pilots and Bridgemen, for the conducting of Ships, Vessels, and Lighters, to and from the said Port; and that the Flood and Ebb Tides in the said Harbour run very rapid and strong, and the Harbour opposite the Town of late Years is become much wider towards the South West; so that, when the Ebb runs strong, and the Wind blows hard at the same Time, several of the Ships and Vessels lying the re are driven from their Moorings, and funk in the said Harbour; and that Fires have happened on board Ships and Vessels lying in the said Harbour, occasioned by the heating Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Oil, or other combustible Matters, on board such Ships and Vessels; and that the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Mayor and Burgesses are found not sufficient or effectual to regulate and go, vern the said Pilots and Bridgemen, and to remedy and prevent the ill Practices and Mischiefs before-men domed; and that Damages to Shipping might in a great Measure be prevented, by placing Harbour Moorings, for the more effectual securing of the Ships and Vessels riding in the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation, Government, and Payment, of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of the said Port, and of the Bridgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters or Barges to and from the same Port, and for laying down and maintaining proper Moorings in the Harbour of the said Borough and Port; and for demanding, collecting, receiving, and taking, such Tonnage and Duties, for Coals, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, on board Ships and Vessels arriving at, and going out of, the said Borough and Port of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof, as shall be judged reasonable and expedient for the Purposes aforesaid; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire on board the Ships and Vessels in the said Harbour and Port, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Sir John See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Paj^rs, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Armthorp# Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste J^lofure,-Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armfhorpe, in the West Killing of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Hugo Meynel, Charles Boothby Drayton

Jher, and Edward Church, Esquires, Frances Corbet, inclosure. Mary Corbet, and Jane Corbet, Spinsters, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas D’Avenant, and Ann, his Wife, on Behalf of themselves and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, several Open Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Commons and Waste Grounds, called and known by the Names of

Tyrley

i3 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 93

Tyrley Heath, Lightwood Common, Little Heath, and Sutton Heath, adjoining thereto; containing in the Whole 1400 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie open and uninclosed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Interest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Baldwyn and Mr. Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Curcbod’s Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom Nat* the Bill for naturalizing John Francis Curchod, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Cox’s A Petition of James Cox, Jeweller, and Citizen of kJofcum. London, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Petitioner has designed, and caused to be made, in the way of his Profession, a Number of curious Pieces of exquisite Workmanship, known by the Name of Cox's Museum, in Spring Gardens, which is allowed to exceed any Thing of the Kind exhibited in this Kingdom; and has thereby manifested, that the Artificers of this Country are not inferior to those of any Nation; that the said Museum has cost upwards of 100,000; in completing which, the Petitioner has employed his utmost Skill and Attention for many Years; but that after having thereby brought the Mechanic Arts to great Perfection, and contributed to the increase of the Commerce of this Kingdom, the Petitioner has suffered greatly, by the present general Distress and Stagnation of Trade: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to give him such Relief, under the Sanction of the House, as may belt enable him to dispose of the said Museum to the greatest Advantage, for himself and Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Rate to‘the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Qo!ncey’» A Petition of Edmund Quineey, of the Town of American Stoughtenham, in New England, Merchant, on Behalf

tee of himself, and of such other Persons resident in Great Britain as may become Co-adventurers with him in certain Mines in New England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, after great Expence of Time and Money, has discovered, in and hear his own Estate in New England, a peculiar Ore for making Steel, equal in Goodness to the German Steel, which, the Petitioner conceives, will be of great Advantage to this Kingdom, by furnishing the Manufacturers of Steel with a Supply of that useful and necessary Commodity; by Means whereof, large Sums of Money, now annually paid for Steel to Foreigners, will be saved to this Kingdom, and a greater Quantity of the Goods and other Manufactures of Great Britain will be exported to America, in Exchange for such Steel so imported; but the Petitioner finds himself restrained, by an Act; Vol. 34.

of the 2 2d Year of his late Majesty, to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America-, and that the Ores natural to thd making Steel, which he has made a Discovery of in his own and the adjacent Lands, he can make no otherwise than by Hand Labour, as by the said Act he is disabled from using a Tilt Hammer, and is thereby deprived of importing Steel into this Kingdom upon an equal Footing with Foreigners; and that the Petitioner conceives, that, if he had the Liberty of cementing the same in America, where the Materials are very cheap, he might bring the same Steel to the highest Perfection, which must be of great Benefit to this Kingdom, as it would then be suitable for peculiar Uses, wherein the finest Steel is required, and which is so much wanted; and that the Petitioner is desirous that the Benefit of those Discoveries, and the Interest of the Premises, should be fold and conveyed to Persons resident in Great Britain, who may thereby be enabled to make and import Stee. into this Kingdom, in Quantity and Quality, superior to all or any now imported by Foreigners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Conr sideration, and give Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and all claiming under him, to make Steel in America, either with Tilt Hammers or otherwise, and to import the same into Great Britain, in like Manner as Iron from America now may be imported, or in such other Way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Sir Richard Sutton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lanchester thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold and Inclosure* Copyhold or Customary and Leasehold Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish and Manor of

Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, for and in Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners of Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common upon certain Moors, Wastes, or Commons, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within and Parcel of the said Parish and Manor, divers large Moors, Commons, or Tracts of.

Waste Land, which, in various Parts thereof, are called by several distinct Names, but which are most commonly called or known by the several Names of Lanchester Fell,

Medomjley Fell, Ebchester Fell, Rowley Fell, Butsfield, and Salley Fell, Knitchley Fell, and Newbiggin Fell, containing together, by Estimation, 20,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Moors,

Commons, or Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are of little Use, and which, the Petitioners conceive, are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, may be cultivated and improved; and, for that Purpose, set out, allotted, and divided, unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Re* gulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vane, and General Lambton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and Bone Lace others. Dealers in Thread and Silk Bone Lace, manu- Manufactory, factured in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Northampton, Hertford, and several other Counties within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, for many Years past, a very con-B b siderable

Sheffield AlTiy Office.

Leeds and Selby Canal.

P4 i® Februarii 1773*

siderable Manufacture of Thread and Silk Bone Lace hath been carried on in the said Counties, which hath been brought to great Perfection, and hath afforded Employment for many Thousand poor Families) and that of late the said Manufacture hath gone to Decay, which hath reduced many poor industrious Families to the greatest Mifeiy amd Distress; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to the great Quantities of Foreign Lace, made of Silk or Thread, which are clandestinely imported into this Kingdom; and that, if such Foreign Laces were prohibited from being imported into, and worn in, this Kingdom, the said Manufacture would be restored, and many Thousand industrious poor Families prevented from becoming burthensome on their Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into'Confederation, and to provide such Remedy for re* storing and securing this valuable Manufacture to this Kingdom, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&Ci: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber) and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of several of the Artificers in SilveT Plate, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of Yorks whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Manufacture of Silver Wares has of late Years begun, and has continued with Improvements, within the Town and Neighbourhood thereof, and is now a very considerable Branch of Trade there, and very likely to increase) and that the Petitioners are under the Necessity of fending their Goods to London, to be assayed and marked, at the Goldsmith’s Hall there, as the Place most eligible to them, on Account of the regular Carriage and Conveyance between Shffield and London which is attended with a considerable Expence, with some Hazard, and oftentimes with a Delay injurious to their Trade; all which might be prevented, if an Assay Office was established in the said Town of Sheffield: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing an Assay Office in the said Town of Sheffield, for the trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, Powers, and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Skipwith,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber) and have Power to fend for Persons:, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read,) Setting forth,' That the Petitioners are informed. Application is intended to be made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, in the County of York, to the River Ou/e, at or near Selby, in the said County,) and that the said proposed Canal will greatly facilitate, and render less expensive, the Conveyance of Coal, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, between Leeds and Selby, as also the Port of Hull, and many other Places, and will be of essential Service to the Trade carried on at and near Leeds, as also of great public Utility, and particularly serviceable to the Trade of this Burgh: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill) and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wet her by, Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, Thirsk, Malton, Otley, Settle, and

elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, through the Township of Horton, to Kirkby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby

and Kirkby Kendal, through the Town of Kirkby to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County) was presented to the House, and read) Setting forth* That the Petitioners have proceeded to repair the Roads, and for that Purpose have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted* which {till remains due} and that it will be impossible to discharge the said Sum, to* gether with the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged and extended,) and that the said Act has, in many Particulars, been found defective for the Purposes intended thereby; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof) and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lascelles, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber) and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Appleby

Road.

A Petition of William Norton, Esquire, Lord of the Tempi* Manor of Temple Sowerby, George John Salkeld, Sowerby

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Inclosure* Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby thore, in the County of Westmorelawas presented to the House, and read) Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, there are several Trails, or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the Names of Temple Sowerby Moor, Down Moor, The Whins, Wharton Whins, and Parson’s Close, lying contiguous to each other) and that a considerable Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners and others interested therein, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur7 suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Robinson and Mr. Fletcher Norton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom Ki„glfon the Petition of the Bailiffs, Recorder, and Freemen, of Paving, the 1'own and Corporation of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, and others, Parishioners of the said

13 Geo. III.

Februarii.

95

laid Town, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Elliot Bishop, Esquire, Recorder of the said Town, informed your Committee, That the Poor of the said Town are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence; but if proper Powers were given for regulating and employing them, they might be maintained at a much less Expence.

Then Mr. Tallemach produced certain Articles of Agreement, dated on or about the Eleventh of Jutie 1624, made between Henry Smith, then of London, Esquire, of the one Part, and the then Bailiffs and Corporation of the said Town of Kingston, of the other Part; whereby it appeared, that the said Henry Smith gave to the said Bailiffs and Corporation One Thousand Pounds, upon Condition to receive One Hundred Pounds per Annum during his Life, and after his Decease, the Income of the said £.1,000, to be applied towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Town, according to the Directions of the said Articles; and the said Bailiffs and Corporation are appointed Trustees, under the Vifi-tation of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being:

That the said Charity has, in many Instances, been misapplied:

And Mr. Bishop further said. That the Bailiffs and Corporation of the said Town are willing to relinauilh the said Trull, and are desirous that the Rents and Profits of the said Estate should be applied in Diminution of the Poors Rates of the said Town.

Mr. Stephen Marks, one of the Bailiffs of the said Town, laid. That the Highways of the said Town are very extensive, and require a considerable annual Expence to keep them in Repair; and that the Footways of the Market Place, and of the several Streets and other Passages and Places within the said Town, are not properly paved, and very inconvenient to Passengers; that if the Footways were properly paved, and if the Market Place and Streets, and other Passages and Places, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein removed and prevented, and if some further Provision was made for amending the several Highways and Roads within the said Parish, the same would be a great Convenience and Benefit.

That there are within the said Parish Two Commons, one containing about 400 Acres, and the other about 500 Acres, and are capable of great Improvement; and that if Power was given to inclose a certain Part of the said Commons, and to apply the Profits thereof towards the Purposes aforesaid, it would be a great Ease to all Persons paying Scotland Lot within the said Parish; and that the Bailiffs and Corporation of the said Town are Lords of the said Manor, and entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, and are willing that certain Parts of the said Commons should be inclosed, and the Money arising the reby, applied for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the several Footpaths within the Town of King-Jlonupon Thames, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town; and for removing all Annoyances, Nuisances, and Encroachments, therein; and for inclosing certain Quantities of Waste Land, within the Parish of aforesaid;

and for applying the Profits arising therefrom for the Purposes of this Act; and for the better maintaining the Poor of the said Parish; and for appropriating the Income and Rents of certain Trull Estates, in diminution of the Poors Rates within the said Parish; and Vol. 34.

for making some further Provision for repairing the Highways therein: And that Mr. Onslow and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Com- Alkerto* mon Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pallures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Fields and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the Liberties of Alkerton aforesaid, One large Open and Common Field, called or known by the Name of Alkerton Common Field, conlilling of Thirty-eight Yard Lands, and containing together Eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts; wherein the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Land Owners and Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pallures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Wenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Nicolls, Clerk, Whitvreav* Lord of the Manor of Whitgreave, in the County of Inclosure. Stafford, and of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Stafford, in the said County, teRified by their Common Seal, and also of John Ward, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Lessees, Possessors of, or otherwise interested io, divers ancient Messuages. Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, within the said Manor, there are several Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Places, containing, by Ellimation, 1,087 Acres, Two Quarters, and Thirty-seven Perches of Land, or thereabouts, which are exempted and free from Tithes, upon Payment of certain customary Rates or Compositions in Lieu thereof; and that the Arable Lands of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dispersed in the said Open and Common Fields, and are for the moll Part inconvenient for Occupation; and the Right and Property of the Petitioners in or to the Common Meado.ws, Pallures, and other Commonable Places, in aforesaid,

are for the moll Part undistinguished, and incapable of any considerable Improvement, so long as the same lie open and uninclosed; and that the dividing and inclosing the same would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commonable Places, and other Lands or Grounds, within the said Manor, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Skipwilk do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Custoar the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; House he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Acooua* pursuant to their Order,

An

Wrotham-

Heath

Road.

Gravesend

Paving.

Silk* and Velvets.

96 i° Februarii. A. 1773.

An Account of the Foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from mas 1769 to Ghrijimas 1771; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament thereafter mentioned, was referred.

Mr. Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County; and also, an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for extending the Powers, granted by the said former Act, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of -stone, were read; and

Mr. John Russell, Clerk to the Trustees for putting

the said Acts in Execution, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; notwithstanding which, many Parts thereof remain very narrow and incommodious, and are far from being sufficiently repaired — that unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and other Powers granted, the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies borrowed, with the Interest thereon, be repaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Roa8 from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County; and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street ’, in the Town and

Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the otlifer Streets; and for removing all Encroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marsham, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have put in Execution the Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; but, as the said Act does not inflict any Penalty on the Wearer of such Foreign Wrought Silks or Velvets, or the Owner of any Furniture made thereof, and as the'Penalties and For-

1

feitures by the said Act imposed are recoverable only by Action in some of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, and the Power of prosecuting for the same is first solely vested in the Officers of the Customs before any Person can sue for the fame, the said Act is totally ineffectual, and insufficient to answer the Intentions thereof; and that, by Means of the Importation of such Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, many Thousands of the said Manufacturers and their Dependents are at this Time out of Employment, and are deprived of the Means of supporting themselves and their Families; and, if the same be not speedily prevented, the said Manufactures will be utterly ruined and destroyed; and that the good Purposes intended by the said Act might be better effected, if a pecuniary Penalty was inflicted on the Wearers of any such Foreign.Wrought Silk or Velvet, or the Owner . of any Furniture made thereof, to be recovered in a summary Way, upon Conviction, before a Justice of the Peace, in Manner directed by the Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, with respect to the Wearer or Wearers of any Printed, Painted, Stained, or Dyed, Callico: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Bread, adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the several Laws now in being, relative to the Assize of Bread; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were again read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Assize, and Making, of Bread:

And that Mr. Pownall, Sir Richard Sutton, the Lord North, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir George Savile, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dyfott, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Robinflon, Sir Harry Hoghton,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Skipwith, and Mr. Ongley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bradshaw, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-four thousand Nineteen Pounds, and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-one thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-builds ings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

s 3 Geo. III.

Supply.’ Resolved, That this House will, upon I

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. , '

Way* and Refolded, That this Hoyfe will, Upon Wednlfday

Means, jyjojqing, next, resolve itself into a Comrhfttee of the whole House, to cpnlider further of Wayjs and Means . for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Chaplain.- Ordered', That Mr*’ have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moveffthp House accordingly: .

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be. given to the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House,' for the Sermon by him preached, upon Saturday last, before this House, at Savtt Margaret's Westmiijlfr.:

And then the House adjourned-‘fill Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2°;

Anno 13° Georgii ill'11 Regis, 1773. Praters.

tflex Gaol. "\/T R- Gray reported from the Committee, to whom TYjl the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of EjJ'ex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hrs Place; and afterward^ ‘delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:- Where the same was read; and js as fofloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitipq,. ap Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of EjJ'ex, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Justices of the Peace for the said Coubtyan;,authorized to purchase a convenient ‘Piece of . Pieces of Ground, or Tenements, adjoffitog to the pres^nt Gaol, and to cause to be buik thereon, and on the Ground’on which the prefect Gaol stands, a convenient ;Gaof for T the Confinement of Criminals, Pebtors, and others, and such other Buildings and Coriveniericies as shall be adjudged requisite by the said. justices at their Quarter Sessions. - ‘ . , .

And that the Justices of the Peace for the said County are further authorized, by the said Act, ait the^r next General Quarter Sessions to be heldi fqr the said County after the passing thereof, or at any subsequent Sessions, to assess such Sums of Money as they shall find necessary for the Purposes of the Act, not exceeding the Sum of ,£. 10,000: And,'

Mr. William Hillyer, a Surveyor, produced to your Committee a Ground Plan, seeing forth the:. Quantity of Land, and the several Tenements hetessary to be purchased for building a new Gaol upon, and also a Set of Plans for rebuilding the said Gaol;/and laid. That he had also produced the said Plans af a’Meeting at Chelmsford, in October last, of a Committee of Justices, to whom the Matter relating to the Building a^new Gaol on the Scite of the old Gaol, and Groiunds con-j tiguous, had been referred, which were then unani-mously approved. — And he added. That the several Owners of Messuages and Lands necessary to be purchased, all appeared at the said Meeting, except one, and delivered in their Proposals for the Sale of their Estates; and Estimates were also delivered in by several Vol. 34.

97

Persons who are ready to contract far the Execution of the said Plan, agreeable to an Advertisement for that Purpose. -

- Savile Read, Esquire, produced an attested Copy of the Proceedings of the Court ot Quarter Sessions held at Chelmsford m October last; by which it appeared, that Mr. Hillyer had attended the said Committee of Justices, and produced the Plans mentioned, in his- Evidence, which were unanimously approved p and that- the several Owners of Messuages and Lands necessary to- be purchased, in order to complete tire :said Plan, all apr peared, except Mr . Wade, and delivered in their: Pro-

pofals for the Sale, >of. them, amounting together Co £. 1,310. for. — And that upon a due Examination of the above Particulars, it appeared to the said Court that it would require, a much larger Sum of Money to complete the said Plan than they, have Power to raise under tire said Act; in consequence whereof it ,was ordered by the said Court, that for the Purpose of caaV rying the said Flap into Execution, an Application should be made to Parliament for. Power to raile an additional.Sum>;not exceeding £.$,000 more than is alloiyed by the said Act.: .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill- for raising a. farther Sum of Money,-, for the Purpose of re-building the Common Gaol of the County of EjJ'ex -

And that Mr. Gray, ’Mr. Conyers, Mr. htfther, and Sir Anthony Abdy, to prepare, and bring in> tire fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the and City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Selby Canal. Setting-forth,. That-the Petitioners are informed,: Application is intended: to: be made? for Leave to bring . in a. Bill for making a NavigabfeCut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Town-Ihjp of Holbeck, neat Leeds, to theitiver Ouse, at. or

near Selby, in the County of York -, and representing.lo the . House, that the said proposed Canal will greatly facilitate, and, rendep.less expensive, the Conveyance, of Coals, Lime, and other Goods, Wares,.and Merchandize, between Leeds and Selby, as well as the City of Fork, the' Port of Hull,'- and many other Places; anti will- also open arqUcb shorter, easier, and more commodious,: CorhniunWation, not only between the said Town of feeds, andi tire several other Townfaips, Di-ftri$js,>or, Places, through or neat which the said Cut OF:Canal.-is intended to be made;.and the said City, of York, JjUJt also between thoife Rlices apd the several Towns adjacent to the Rivers Swale and , which wist be ofgifeat pubU? Vtilityi: At*cL therefore praying.

That Leave may be-given to bring in the said Bill, and that the fame, may pals.intp. a L*w» under such Terror and Conditions, and subject to speh Restrictions, to the Legislature shall seem.meet.; . .: . >-,*{

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cyn-sideration ,of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others,: :the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, Torn, Hull, Beverley,

Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, pott, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wether by,

Bedall, i Richmond,. Northallerton, Thirsk, ,- Qtley,

Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere; in the County of T$k, is referred. .

Lord Browtflow' Bet lie reported; from the Committee, Deeping Fen*

to whom, the Petition ,of several Owners and Proprietors Drainage, of Lands lying in Deeping Fens, and Other Fens, in the County of Lhiro/^-was referred. That the Committee had examined thp Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the H°ufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and the Eleventh of King C c George

t 'FJbruurii.

98 FebrtldrB. ? T 177}*

George the Second, relating to draining and preferVing the said Fens, were read; which last mentioned A&. recites an Act of his said late Majesty King Glories for settling the Draining of the said Fensi

And Mr. George Thompson informed Vous Committee, That, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, the Undertakers for draining the said Lands had expended great Sums of Money in carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; notwithstanding which, many of the said Lands have lately been overflowed, and are at present of very little Value.

And Mr. Yeoman, an Engineer, being examined, said. That further Powers are wanted, to enable the said Undertakers to drain the said Fens.

And that, in order to effectually enable them to drain and preserve the said Fen Lands, it is necessary to take down and remove several Wharfe and Buildings which have been erected on the Banks of the River Welland, within the Town of Spalding-, and that the Proprietors thereof have been applied to, and are willing to sell the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, and the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for effectually draining and pteferving certain Lands, called Deeping Few,*and other Fens mentioned in the said Acts, in the County of Lincoln And that Lord Brown-low Bertie and Mr. fVhichcot do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Shipston Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads, the Petition of federal of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 3d, the 17th, and the 30th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shtpfton Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Aiderminster and Shtpston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton in the said County; and also of the several Mortgagees of the Tolls arising upon the- said; Road, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred. That the Committee had1 examined the Matter of the- said Petition, and had directed him to report the feme, as ifr appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'S Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followed); viz.

To- prove the Allegations of the said Petition1, the said Act, passed in the 30th Year of his late Majesty King* George the Second, was read: And,

Mr* William Hunt, being examined, said. That great Progress had been made in amending the said Roads; but the feme cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unlefe the Term of the said Acts are further continued, and some further and other Powers given-.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in-a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Three Adtgp passed in the Third; Seventeenth, and'Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King- George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate; called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the said County of Warwick; and also for repairing-the Road leading from the first Mile Stone (landing on the said ShiQfhn Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipton Compton, to a Place called Andover's ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate- to the said first-mentioned Road: And that Mr; Skipwith and the Lord Wenmando prepare; and bring in, the fame. I

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord - Ya*ley fort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and others, whole Dr4uU8e-Nanies are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Taxley, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Parish, which, for want of a proper Drainage, are subject to be ovet-flowed, and are rendered of very little Benefit to the Proprietors thereof; and that if the feme were drained; and preserved from Floods; they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House may think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And if is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Lord brook, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Newbold Lands and Commons, in the Open and Common lntlosure-Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and upon a certain Heath, in the Parish of New-bold aforesaid, called Long Lawford Heath, whole Nanies are lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read -,

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates in the said Open and Common Fields, and on the said Heath, which lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels in and over the said. Fields and Heath, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Occupiers thereof; and that if the same were inclosed, It would be of much greater Advantagje to the several Freeholders and Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill' for inclosing and dividing the feme Open and Common Fields of Newbold aforesaid, and the said Heath, called Lang Lawford Heath, in the said Parish, according to every Person’s Right and Interest in the feme.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-lbaiit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Skipwith and Sir John Palmer do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

A Pfctition of Childers Twentyman, Clerk, Rector of Thorpe on the Pap lh arid Parish Church of in the

the County of Lincoln, and of Charles , Esquire, nc 0 ure‘

Darcy-Burnell, Esquire, Mr. George Brown, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors, of Lands and other Property within the Town and Parish of Tliorpe on, the Hill aforesaid, was presented so the House, and read; Setting forth, That; within the said Town and Parish, there are several Open and' Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, known by the Names of The East Field, The West Field, and ‘The Middle Field, The Meadows, The Moors, and' The Ox Pasture, the Whole containing together 1,760 Acres, or thereabouts, in which the Lands of the Owners and Proprietors lie greatly intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it would be a great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were inclosed' and divided: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for these Purposes, under fuel) Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave Ke given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. Amcotts do prepare, and bring; in, the fame,

Mr.

13 Geo. III. 4° Ftbruafii. { 6q

Hockw6W Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee; to whom SootiiLevd *be Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors

Drainage. of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds* lying in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships* of Hack-mid*, Wilton, Fell-well, Methwold, Heigay, and Soul hoy, in the County of Norfolk, and in and a cet-

tain Extra-parochial Place -called Norland, in the County of Suffolk, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Ferts, called Bedford Level, between certain Rivers in Brandon Greek, Stoke River, and the River Ouze, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame* as It appeared tb them, to the House; arid lie read the Report in his Place £ and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Tokelove, being examined, said, That the said Fen' Lands and Low Grounds are frequently overflowed for want of Banks and Drains, and that the -fame are capable of being drained, which will be advantageous to the Owners of Estates therein, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and pfeferving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford between Certain did Works or Drains, called Stoke River and Btdndort River, and a certain Level or District Called Felt-well New and the Hard Lands

Of WoOdhall in Heigay, and Heigay, in the Counties of

Norfolk artd Suffolk: And that Mr. De Grey, Sit Edward Ajlley, and Mr. Charles Townshend, dk> prep|fp, and bring in, the fame.

Curchod'* Act iftgfofifed Bill for naturalizing John Francis H«. Curchod, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title’ be. An Act for naturalizing Joint Francis Curchod.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray dor carry the Bill to th& Ldrds, and desire thcftr Concurrence.

Beverley A Petition of the In#-keepers of Beverley, in tfi6 Inn-ketper*. Go<nty of York, was prtfettfed to she Hotffe, a!hd read *, Complaining of the Distresses which the Petitioners aiiedge they labour under; from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers mid Hoffes: And therefore praying the Hotffe to' alleviate the D’rftrtffes of the Petitioners in such Way as Until seem Aifeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Tmro A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, freeholders,

Roads. and principal Inhabitants, refidiftg within and near to the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and of the- Trustees named In, and acting under and by virtue of,. Two feVtetal Acts of Parliament, for amending and widening fevehat Roads* leading from the Borough of Tmro, in- the County of Cornwall, whose Names-are thereunto (labfcriBerf, Was presented t‘0 the House, and read; Setting forth; That, by virtue Of Two Acts, passed- in the 27th1 arid a^th Years of the Reign of his-late Majesty Ring George the Second j for amending and widening feVfcraf Roads leading from -the Borough of Truro, in: the County of- the

Trustees therein named have - proceeded in putting the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed confides-able Sums of Money for that Purpose, but find, that? the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money due repaid, unlefa the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Power thereby giveo enlarged; and that the Road1 leading from the Crois Road which leads from the Church of TriirO to Truro Quay, at the lower Part of the Coinage Hall Street, in the said Borough, over a River, at a Place'

Vol. 34. *

called The Steppings, and froth thence to a Hpufe ui

the Occupation of William Crapp, Inn-keeper, the Lahqs of William Tenney, Gentleman, within the rfriQi df Saint Clement's, and from thence to a Place, called Glaftodden, or Stoddeh Bridge, and froth thence, by the Way of Avery's Creek and Sunny Corner, to a Place called Mopas; all within the said Parish of Salta Clement's, are in a 'ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and founderous, and frequently impass&ble, oh account of the Overflowing of the Tide; and, that the Road leading from the End of the present Turnpike Road at Short Lane's End, to a Place called Stoyles Hedges, and from thence to the great Road leading from Perran Almshouse to The Four Burrows, within

the Parishes of Kenwyn, Perranzabuloc, and Kea, or one

of them, is in many Places in a ruinous Condition; and t^at it would be greatly for thfe Safety and Advantage of all Persons travelling that Way, if a Bridge Was to be built across the River, at The Steppings aforesaid, which is the principal Entrance into the Eastern Part of the said Borough of Truro: And therefore praying;

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, in the said Alts mentioned; and also for erecting and building a Bridge over and across the River, at The Steppings aforesaid, of 16 Feet wide at the least; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said Bridge, and all the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereofj and report the fame, as ft ftialf appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bofcawtn, Mr. Ridley,

&c. :. And they are, to meet To-mohow Morning; at Ning of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; add have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; add Records. ’

Sir William Delbert presented to thtf HoUfe; afccoftN Irchester ing to Order, i Bill for dividing and inclosing the Iadofote. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,. and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the parish of hchester, in the County of Northampton: Add ihte fanfe Was fediv£d; and read* thd First Time.

RrfJhWed, Tfratthe’ Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed by an Act Hsmjingftc of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year 01 the Reign "cloore of Hfe present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from- the Way Post, in' tnfe Parish of,

ift fhe1 County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said- GOunty, was preferifed to she House, and read;

Sfettfing forfh; That die Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof.

Which,- together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said' Road; and that, by reason' of certain Restrictionsin the said Act, the Money Collect e<f is not sufficient to keep the said Road in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; and several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act;' and*that, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Ad amended, the said Road mull again become in a ruinous Condition, and the Creditors lose the Money they have advanced for repairing the fame: And therefore ptaying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing' the Term of the said Act, and for granting the Petitioners^ such further and other Powers for repairing, the said Road as the House shall think’

fit*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-6 fideratioa

Beuzcville's

Nat.

Derby Poor.

Scarborough

bhipowners.

Hackonby

Inclosure.

.sideration of a Committee.-: Apd thfit they defexandriP ^flfe'^laf ter flrerfo’f; ,’arid report. tl\e. lame, -as.it shall ap-Bfc'if'ttfflidm-, to . the House: , . v,

.Xtid h js referred' to Sir Mr

'wfli, ,&c: f And they are to meet. To-r^orrow. Mom-

rnk*

YYt Clock* in the Speaker’^ Chambcf;

and have Pdwerta fend. for Persons, Papers,-and lie,-

A Pet-itidti of ''’StephenBPtizeville, was preferited fO t&eiHoule, and'read; Praying, That Leave ixfey be gikeir. to bring irl a. Bill foi his Naturalization. ’

- Ori/trei// That;Leftve-be given to bring in a Bill, according to the ^Prayer of the1 said Petition: ‘ And- that Sir. John. Hynde Cotton and' Sir William.Dolben do.pre-

pare, -and bring in; the fame.'

A Petition, of: the Inhabitants :of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Was presented 10 the Hotife, arid read; Setting forth* That the -PoOT Withih t h^'said Borough are become \very numerous, and are-TujpporV-ed at-a very great. Expence; and that-divers Houses within the said Borough are:, let in'fdpatate Apartments; and other Houses let ready -futnished to Ledgers} and others to the poorer’Sort of People, fel Rents under Ten Pounds ;a Year, whereby the Payment of the Several Rates inothd. laid' Borough if-evaded* and the; Maintenance of t!\e Poor falls wholly' upon: t life* Peti-doners, and-.th^l Teyeral other. Inhabitants- of: the said Borough; And therefore praying. That Leave may'be gi-vqn to bring; ire's- Bill for 'reflating arid maintaining the Poor, tand.-jPayment of the -several 'Rates;-within-the said Borough';of..£)afo», in 'stich -Manner as to the House shall leem meet. or >

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred'to the Con-fidefation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; andaeporttlre-feme,aS it ‘fhalfip-pear tVdjen^-.-tQlh^-Hdulb: I n -: *: ir.’.vi

.And it is referred to Lord Frederick Cavendish,-~'Mr. Clarke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning ,^trNilse.-d^ tfetiClock, iirthe Speaker’s -Chamber; and Power to-fend, for Persons, Papers','-and: Re-:

COCC& .;v. n. "4 r- ' / 1 -

/ A.

Saint

;':!A. Petition of'tKe.principal.Ownera of; Ships belonging tb the Voript Searborouzky iarthe.County of York, Was presented to the House, "arid "read; Setting forth,. That an Act. passed so foe 6 th ;Year of the Reigtt'.of His present Majesty, to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports , of- Newcastle and and that it Wo'bTcii.be of great Advantage to IheiGoalj Trade, and to the Public in ' general,; and alii?an Lrir couragement for the Owners of Ship§;to take, Appren-. tices in the Sea Service, it" the.feidAft. (wh;ch. 9xpires on the ill: Day of Junenext).ffuwihl.be.cqritinppd,$: apd: that the Petitioners are informed }j3iat a; Petition of [the-principal Owners, of Ships belonging to the;i?^lr of,

Whitby, and other Ports, intend to petition the Hpufe . in this Behalf: And therefore praying. That Le§,ye, may be given to bring in a Bill for continuingjthe said Act, from the Expiration thereof,.foryRj^jtfur-'. trierTcrm, or in such other Manner, "as to JheJHpufe.;

(fihlf feenvmeet. j t v.j. ♦

jOtderid]That the said Petition do he upon the-Table, v‘ until‘a. Bill be brought in, pursuant to the J^rayer of the Petition of the principal Owners of Ships belonging to the Port oYllliitby, in the County of York.

.Lord Bfozvnlow Berth reported from the Committee,

to whom the 'Petition of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, " Lord of the Manor of Hackonby, 'in the County of’ Lincoln, John Hopkinson, Esquire,' 'Anri Franklin, Widow, Mary-Clay, Widow,- and Jeremiah Baker, Owners and . Proprietors of Ldhds and-Tenements, in the said Parish of Hackonby, on Behalf of tb^mselves, -and otj^r

Owners and Proprietors of Land there. Was'referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the.

.said Petition, and had, directed him to report the fame; as, i(t. appeared to, them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; ^nd, afterwards delivered ’it in, at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read j \$;as foftowpth; viz. .;

r Ta prove the . Allegations -of the said Petition, Mr. Ceof-ge.Robiufm, being examined, , laid, That the Lands of th.e, proprietors in the said Parish' lie intermixed, and in their piefent Situation are incapable of any considerable Imprpyfment; that if the said Lands* together with the Common' pen* were Bivided and inclosed, and properly drained, ri)t ,wojild. be a great Advantage to the Estates of tlre pajbes intere^d therein. r. , .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opep Common Fields; Meadow Ojoundf, and Common Fen^ in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln:: And tliati Lord BrqwfildTp Bertie and; Mr. IVhichcot do-prepare,-and bring in,; the fame. ., ,-. -r r:.

i j.. . .- ,: . ww.r

"JATetition of the Commissioners whole Names-kre therevuitprJnbfa:rbed, on. Behalf of (themselves and Mary-le-bone odi^s^ the Cpmrniffipners appointed: to put in Exc* fa^ing. cution an, Act. of Parliament, mnde and pallid in the i-otp sYear of the . iteign of His present Majesty, in-. titul, ea,^", An Act for tl^e more effectually paving, re-' 0

".paring; <;lennfing,4md lighting, the Streets, Squares,

"-Lapps, and other >Passages, 'and , for regulating-, Weights and; Measures, within the Parish of Saint ^MaiyHe-rBone,. in the County of and for

""dfh^J’urposes Herein mentioned," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-i tioners have made a considerable Progress in the.Trulls in them jeposed,.but -find that f|.id' Act. is< still -y defective; and that the Establishment;-. of a- fuffifienb -1 Nightly. jW^tchjf. under pFqpfruR^guiatfons,- being a Matter of essential Concern to tb^l^lf^aAdrSatety.' of- the said. Pajjiljh, and a.n, Qtyeft of greatfand. public.

Utility, they are willing and de^AtHS-df fnitting/thd same under the beift Regulation; but, the Management, thereof being placed1 at. prefenft'under* the Bi-rection of ;the. Vejtrymen, - named {ir\, an. Act of the 8th Year of His present Majesty*, they.find-fofne JM-i Acuities in;panning the ir, Wilhes into Execution r-and’ that the.^itionej^i^pprehend, if; the Management of; the^f^fWatch, with, sufficient Tower, was placed": under the* Direct^njof the Commissioners appointed by thefa'^ Act «^4.he,;iqth. Year of His ipresent Majesty, and that so much of the said Act of the 8 th Year, of His present Majesty should be repealed, as relates tojthp fpid BighUy>VatS^* :it would: be of great Uti-.rHid: fufflq^ritlylahfwer all the

goodT’urTpfesK intended thereby: Arid therefore pray-ja»y. bc(>giveit tq.-bring in a Bill for the Purpo^s a$o>fe, memipijed, And also to explain- and agiepdqtlre.C^ci ^^loL^he' ioth. Year of His presenti ^jeravs, Reigp^and to rendpr the feme more eftefttial, in.lrow. Mkfner*. ;ai^.»n|)»| such -Regu&tions, as to the House jh^ seem Uieet.,\ q.

‘ bp'deredLThat the said petition be referred to the.Con-a Chrnmittpe: And that they do examine the^M^fer therei^;and-.jeport the fame, as it 'shall appear , td/tliero,-vto the Ffoufe: .

And it is referred to Mx. Mackworth, Mr.

&c.: Arid they are to'.meet Tormorrow Morning, at Nine of the CJ0Ck» in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power.to fend, for Persons, Papers, and Records." . V; .

Ordered, That ..Mr, Brett be added to . the Genfcle- Bread, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a '

Bill , for, Better regulating the Assize; and Making; of Bread. .

..... i "

Upwell and Oatwell Drainage.

Eahnd

Road.

13 Geo. III. 20 Februariu 101

Sir Edward Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Executioiran Act of Parliament, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and improving " certain Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parishes of " Upwdi and Out well, and the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk," and of several other Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen Lands, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Edward Godfrey, being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have, in purl'uance thereof, assessed and rated the Lands therein mentioned, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Taxes, which have been applied according to the Directions of thd Ad; that the Engines and Works necessary for draining and improving the said Lands are, by Length of Time and other Accidents, become insufficient for that Purpose; and that the present Tax has been found too little for keeping the Works ir. Repair, and defraying other necessary Expences attending the fame.

That larger Engines and Works are absolutely necessary for the well draining and preserving the said Lands, which cannot be eroded, nor the present Works maintained, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that several of the Clauses and Provisions in the said Act are not sufficient for the Purposes for which they were intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and improving certain Fen Lands, within " the Manor and Parishes of and Outwell, and

" in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk." so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popkam's Eau:And that Sir Edward AJlley

and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for Repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Acts, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which have been laid out towards the repairing and amending the same Road; but, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, the great-eft Part thereof is now in very bad Repair, and the Money so borrowed, with a large Arrear of Interest, are still due; and the Tolls and Duties directed by the said Acts to be collected and taken, are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and to repair, and keep in Repair, the same Road; and that the said Road might be much improved and amended, by diverting and widening the same in some Places, and the whole of the Road kept in good Repair, in case competent Tolls and Duties were to be granted and applied; and that the diverting, repairing, and amending the said Road, would tend greatly to the improving the Trade and Commerce, and to the Ease

and Benefit, as well of the Inhabitants of that Part of the said County, as of the Public in general t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships of Snailk and Cowick, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafcellis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Beckford, in' the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Joseph Martin and Sir William Codrington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor of Tar debigg which lies in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lanas therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor of Tardebigg which lies in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors interested in the Commons or Pastures within in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within Hognafton aforesaid. Two Commons or Open Pastures, called Hognafton Wyitn and Hognafton Oldfield; and that a Division and Inclosure of the same would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and the other Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Pastures, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Dd ' Mr.

Snaith and Cowick Inclosure.

Beckford

Inclosure.

Tardebigg

Inclosure.

Hopnaflon

Inclosure.

Exeter 6mall Debts*

Kensington Glebe Lands.

102 2° Februarii. A. 1773.

Mr; Skipwith, Lord George Mr. , and

Mr. 'Thomas Townshend, Junior, do prepare, and bring

in* the fame.

Mr. John Walter reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and also of the Merchants, Shopkeepers, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of the City of Exeter, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Heath, Esquire, being examined, said. That in the said City and County there is a large Manufactory carried on, which employs a great Number of People, many of whom contract small Debts, which amount yearly to a large Sum of Money, and who refuse to pay, presuming on the Discouragements their Creditors lie under in suing for the same: That if an easy and speedy Method was established for Recovery of small Debts, it would greatly contribute to promote-Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit, within the said City and County.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and County of the City of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter: And that Mr. John Walter, Mr. John and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend James Waller, Clerk, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Kenfngton, in the County of , and,

in Right of the said Vicarage is seised of certain Glebe Lands, containing in the whole Thirteen Acres, or thereabouts; and that a Close, or Field, called Gravel Pit Field, Part of the said Glebe, containing Four Acres and an Half, or thereabouts, hath been dug up, and the Gravel and other Soil hath been carried away, whereby the Surface of the said Field hath been funk Twenty Feet, or thereabouts, below the Level of the Surface of the adjoining Part of the said Glebe; and that the Petitioner hath been applied to, for Leave to dig up a Piece of the said Glebe next adjoining to the said Gravel Pit Field on the South, and containing in Length from East to West, on the North and South Sides thereof, 120 Yards, and in Breadth from North to South, on the East and West Sides thereof, 42 Yards, for the Purpose of searching for Gravel to amend the Highways, and for Clay to convert into Bricks, Tiles, and Earthen Ware; and the Person who hath made such Application, hath offered to take a Lease of the said Close, called Gravel Pit Field, and of the said adjoining Piece or Parcel of Land, for a Term of Ten Years, at the present improved Rent of Fourteen Guineas a Year; and also to pay the Sum of 1,701, over and above the said Rent; and that great Part of the House belonging to the said Vicarage is very ancient, and it would be for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish and Parish Church, to have the Whole, or the greatest Part of the said House, taken down and rebuilt; and the Petitioner is

willing and desirous that the said Sum of 1,701, or a competent Part thereof, should be applied for that Purpose; and that the said Field, called Gravel Pit Field, and the said adjoining Piece of Land, are in a commodious Situation for being built upon; and it will be beneficial to the Petitioner and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish and Parish Church, if the Petitioner was enabled to grant a Lease of the said Gravel Pit Field, and adjoining Piece of Ground, for the said Term of Ten Years, in order to raise a sufficient Fund for rebuilding lo much of the said Vicarage House as is necessary to be pulled down, and for repairing such Part thereof as is fit to stand; and if the Petitioner and his Successors were also enabled to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Field, called Gravel Pit Field, and of the said Piece or Parcel of Lind thereto adjoining, for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Persons to build thereon, and improve the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of, Kensington for the Time being, to grant such Leases of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, for the several Purposes aforesaid, with such other Clauses, Powers, Restrictions, and Provisions, in the said Bill to be contained, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Walter and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, of the Counties of Berks and Wilts, frequently travelling the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the End of Groundwell, otherwise Grundall Lanefxn the said County of Wilts, adjoining the present Cricklade and Marlborough Turnpike Road, near the Town of Crickdale, in the said County to the Marlborough and Newbury Turnpike Road on Lains; and affo the Road from a Part of the Wiltjhixe Downs to Liddenton Wall, at the End of Swindon Turnpike Road, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow* and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the amending and keeping the same in proper Repair would be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, under such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. 1

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King the Second, and

Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the -Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County; lo far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-court, Mr. Fuller, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Stafford, whole Names are subscribed, wras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth That, by proper Surveys

Grundall

Road.

Mailing

Street

Roads.

Shelton and Leek Cai, al.

ij Geo. III. 2° Februarii 103

vcys and Levels lately taken, it appears, that a Cut, or Canal, may be made, from the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at , in the County of Staf-

ford, through or near Hanley, Milton, Norton, Stanley, and Endoh, to or ntur Leek, in the said County, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, which will greatly facilitate the Carriage and Conveyance of Lime, Coals, Stone, Timber, and other Goods and Merchandizes, will tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, the Relief of the Poor, and the P.efervation of the public Highways, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut, or Canal, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John IVrottesley, Lord Guernsey. See.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

West India Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second Colonies. Reading of the Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies-, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fitzmaurice’s A Petition of David Roberts and Roberts, Esquires,

Estate*. being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been . informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were Agents to Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, lately deceased, who was Lieutenant Governor of His Majesty’s Island of St. Vincent, and, in consequence thereof, they advanced for him, at different Times, Sums of Money to a considerable Amount; and there was, at the Time of his Death, due from him to the Petitioners the Sum of £.500 and upwards; and that the said Governor, at the Time of his Decease, had given Directions for making his Will, the Heads of which were taken down in Writing, containing Bequests to his Relations (some of whom, on his Mother’s Side, are in very indigent Circumstances) but the same were never reduced into Form, nor signed by the Deceased as his last Will; and that the said Governor dying without having appointed any Executor, and being an illegitimate Son of the late Earl of Kerry, his, Effects at Dominica have been seized by Sir William Young, the Lieutenant Governor thereof; and that the principal Persons to whom the said UlyfJ'es Fitzmaurice and bequeathed Legacies (particularly the Earl of Shelburne, to whom he intended to devise the principal Part of his Estates) have given up their respective Claims (if Vol. 34.

any they should be found to have) in Favour of the poor Relations of the said Deceased; and that the Petitioners are endeavouring to procure Administration to the Effects of the said late Governor, in Right of being his principal Creditors; but are informed, the several Devises and Bequests intended by the Deceased cannot take Effect, as his Will was never reduced into any regular Form, nor legally executed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Estates and Effects of the said Lieutenant Governor Fitzmaurice, now escheated to the Crown, unto the Petitioners, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, and for the Purposes intended by the said Lieutenant Governor, in the'Directions given by him for making his last Will, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Hodgson, Edward Gordon, and Hodgson&C* John Debonnair, Brewers, at Boiv, in ,being E^feDuties

offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed’of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; reciting an Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, relating to the Duties on Beer and Ale; and Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, for an additional Duty of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, it is declared, that in all Places, other than within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, Thirty-four Gallons should be deemed a Barrel, both of Beer and Ale, and the Allowance for Waste and Leakage Two Barrels and an Half in every Twenty three Barrels; and that, the Petitioners Brewhouse having for some Years been considered by the Collector of Excise, as being without the City of London, or Bills of Mortality, the Petitioners were charged to the Duties of Excise accordingly; but being advised that their said Brewhouse was actually situated within the Bills of Mortality, and thereupon apprehending that they had, through Mistake, paid a very considerable Sum of Money for the Duty of Excise, the Petitioners applied to the Commissioners of Excise for Restitution; who declared, that they thought themselves not justified in altering the Duty, without a legal Determination; whereupon the Petitioners commenced an Action at Law, against the Collector of Excise, for so much Money only as they had so paid since the First Day of March 1769; and in Trinity Term 1769 obtained a Verdict in the Court of King’s Bench, for the Money so overpaid; and that, it being thereby determined, that their Brewhouse is within the Bills of Mortality, they are now, by Order of the Commissioners of Excise, charged the same Duty as other London Brewers; and the Petitioners, apprehending the y were entitled to receive back all the Money they had so paid, from the Month of October 1752, being the Time the Petitioners entered upon their Brewhouse, to the First Day of March 1769, amounting to £.4,363, applied to the Commissioners of Excise for Relief: but were answered, that they had paid over all such Money into His Majesty’s Treasury; and that the Petitioners did thereupon present their Memorials to the Commissioners of the Treasury; but have received no Satisfaction therein: And therefore praying. That the said Sum of £.4,363, so received of them by Mistake, maybe repaid, upon their producing the proper Vouchers, to support their Claim, and justify their Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr.

Bouillon’s

Nau

King’s Bench Prison.

Culgarth

lndoi'ure.

104 Februariu A. 1773.

Mr. WaIfingham presented to the House, according to Sir Cecil Mr. Fletcher, Mr. and Mr.

Order, a Bill for naturalizing lfabel Bouillon: And the grave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. A Petition of Matthew Boulton, on Behalf of himself Birmingham

and the rest of the Manufacturers of Silver Wares, in the A{^y Office. A Petition of Benjamin Thomas, Marshal of the Mar- Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was (halfea of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, being presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, of offered to be presented to the House; the Petition of several of the Artificers in Silver Plate,

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in- County of York, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the formed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends establishing an Assay Office in the said Town of it to the Consideration of the House. field, for the trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; Gold and Silver Plate, under such Orders and Regula-Setting forth, That the said Prison is much too small tions as may be thought expedient; and setting forth, for the Number of Prisoners generally confined therein; That the Petitioner and several others are engaged in a and that the Number of Prisoners always exceeding the Manufacture of Wrought Silver Plate, of different Kinds,

Number of Rooms, the Petitioner has been obliged to at the Town of Birmingham, which might be considerably permit many of them to lie in the Chapel, which ren- extended and improved, in case an Allay Office was efta-ders the same both offensive and dangerous for Divine blished in the said Town, but that the Inconvenience they Worship; others lie under Stair Cafes, and other im- labour under, in finding their Goods to Chester, being proper Places, and by that Means contract Disorders, upwards of Seventy Miles distant from Birmingham, and which often prove fatal, not only to themselves, but the nearest Town where any Office for allaying Plate is the Prisoners in general; and that it has been the Usage established, is attended with an Expence, Hazard, and of the said Prison for Prisoners to take their Rooms in Delay, greatly prejudicial to the said Manufacture, and Seniority, by which Means a new Prisoner is under the obstructing all such Improvements as might otherwise Necessity of waiting many Months before he can be en- extend the Sale thereof, both at Home and in Foreign titled to a Room, during which Time, he is obliged to Parts: And therefore praying. That, if it shall upon contract with feme old indigent Prisoner fora Lodging, Examination be thought expedient toestablish an Alfay at an exorbitant Price; and that there are no Rooms or Office in the Town of Sheffield, the like Provision may be Apartments to which sick Prisoners can be removed, extended to the Town of Birmingham, which is exactly nor any proper Place where riotous or disorderly Pri- in the same Circumstances; the public Utility whereof, foners, or such attempting to make their Escapes, may the Petitioner is convinced, will upon Examination fuf-occasionally be confined, as there are in other large Pri- ficienffy appear.

fons, nor for Prisoners committed for capital or high Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Crimes and Offences, who are sent in Irons, separate Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition from other Prisoners; and that the Walls of the said of the several Artificers in Silver Plate, in the Town and Prison being not of a sufficient Heighth and Strength, it Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of IV^whose frequently occasions Prisoners to form Schemes for Names are thereunto lubscribed, is referred: And that escaping and many have escaped, through, and over they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of the Walls, charged with large Debts, to the Danger of Fact contained in this Petition, the Suitors of the Court, and Damage to the Petitioner,

who sometimes have Prisoners in Custody, to the Amount A Petition of Doctor Richard Williams, of Saint Williams’*

of £.200,000; and that it would greatly contribute to Margaret's, Westminster, being offered to be presented Green and the Health, good Order, and Safety, of the Prisoners, to the House; Yellow Dye*.

as well as Security to the Suitors of the Court, if the The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

Prison was enlarged, an additional Number of Rooms quainted the Hqufe, That His Majesty, having been in-

made, and Apartments allotted for the Sick, as well as formed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends

for Persons accused of high Crimes, there being suffi- it to the Consideration of the House.

cient Ground contiguous thereto for the Purposes afore- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

said: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre- Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in Consideration of

miles into Consideration; and to do therein as to them the defective and fugitive Green and Yellow Dyes made

shall appear fit and proper. use of on the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- and the long and steady Attention paid to the Improve-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, ment thereof by the Society of Arts, with the View of and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in extending Labour for the Poor, by procuring this Means the said Petition. of increasing the Exportation of the Cotton Fabrics, fast

And it is referred to Mr. Morton, Mr. Cornwall, &c.: Greens and fast Yellows being greatly fought after from

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Abroad, the Petitioner was induced to employ almost the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have PoweY the whole of his'Time, for nearly Eight Years, in Courses to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. of Experiments to fix those Colours on Cotton Goods

and Yarns; and he having now not only made them A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are perfectly fast, but so greatly to exceed in Beauty the thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and fugitive Yellows and Greens in use, as to procure the read; Setting forth, That, within the Manor or Town- wished-for Augmentation of Labour and Exportation, ship of Culgarth, in the County of Cumberland, there are and in all other Respects to answer the Expectations of several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste the Manchester Manufacturers, is willing to make such Ground; and that, it the same were divided into spe- Discovery of his Mode of dying these Colours as shall cific Allotments, and inclosed, a considerable Advan- secure its Advantages wholly to this Country, in such a tage would accrue to the Owners thereof: And there- Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill adopt and approve of: And therefore praying the House for dividing and inclosing the fame, under such Rules, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem Petitioner such Encouragement and Reward as to the meet. House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a J^ill, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-8 mine,

i3 Geo. III. 2° — 30 Febr 105

hiine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad con-taihed in the said Petition.

And it U referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas ton, &c.And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to terid for Personsj Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Mtrcurit, 3* die Februarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773. Prayers;

IV! R;J&^,9’re^^Cromth,^^T}t°Mhom

IVJL the Petition of the several Persons whose Names

ate thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peter-" borough, through Ou and to -

" borough, in the County of Northampton," was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Bramstone, being examined, said, That the

.Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; and that the Road cannot be sufficiently kept in Repair, and the Money due on the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged.

And the Witness further said. That the Road lead* ing from the North End of Elton, to the Toll Gate at the South End of Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading from a Place in the Parish of Lifford, in the said County of Northampton (where a Road called the London Way leading from Lilford Bridge to Clapton, in the said County of Northampton, erodes the Road leading from Oundle to Thrapston aforesaid) to the Turnpike Road leading from Thrapston to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon, between the Ninth and Tenth Mile Stones, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and for repairing the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton to the Toll Gate at Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from a certain Place in the Parish of Lilford, (where the London Way crolfes the Turnpike Road leading from Oundle to Thrapston) to the Turnpike Road from Thrapston to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. , Sir William,

and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

Vol. 34.

Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee;-to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, 1

and others, living near, and travelling, the Roads leading from Hertfordbridgehill to the Town of Basingstoke,

in the County of Southampton, and also the Road from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the same County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the ioth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Hertfordbridgehill to the Towns of Basingstoke and Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and also.

An Act, passed in the 21st Year of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act — were read: And,

Francis Russell, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and repaired, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlaiged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the ioth and 21st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridgehill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton: And that Sir Henry St. John and Sir Simeon Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons employed in the Manu-facture of Bone Lace, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been presented, complaining of great Injury done to the said Manufacture, by the Importation of Foreign Silk and Thread Bone Lace, and other Goods of the like Nature; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Importation of the said Commodities were prohibited, it would be ' attended with great National Advantages; and that the said Manufacture labours under several other Discouragements, for Want of proper Regulations: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Cdnsideration, and that Provision may be made for effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the said Manufacture, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whotfi the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others. Dealers in Thread and Silk Bone Lace, manufactured in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford,

Hertford, and several other Counties within this Kingdom, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, Turnip*, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made * in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King . George the Second, as relates to the preventing- the stealing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the E e Bill,

4

Maugan

Forth

C-umI.

Leeds and Selby Canal.

106 y Februarii. A. 1773.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necefiliry to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded \That the said Bill be re-cornmitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Edyvean, of , in the County of Cornwall, Gentleman, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petftion, Mr. John Harris, being examined, said, He knows the Tract of the Country from Maugan Forth to Lozver Saint lumb Forth, through which a Canal is proposed to be made; that it is l'o level that a Canal may be made without the Assistance of Locks, by Means of a. Machine for railing Vessels from one Part of the Canal to another (a Model of which he produced to your Committee) and that the whole Circuit of the Canal will be about 30 Miles: And he further said. That the Canal will be of great Benefit to the Country, by carrying Sea Sand for Manure One Half cheaper than by Land Carriage, if conveyed in the Boats of the Undertaker, and Three Parts out of Four cheaper if carried by private, Persons in their own Boats; that by carrying Sea Sand into the Country, by the said Canal, many Thuu-sand Acres of Land will be much improved, and tend not only to private Advantage but public Utility.

Mr. John Edyvean, being examined, said. He is willing to undertake the making and completing the said Canal, on such Terms and Conditions as Parliament shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and continuing Navigable a Cut, or Canal, from Maugan Forth, through the several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Columb Major, Little Colon, and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb Forth, in the County of -wall: And that Mr. Praed, Sir John and

Mr. Rafhleigh, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Otize, at or near Selby, in the County of York; which Canal will greatly facilitate, and render less expensive, the Conveyance of Coal, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, between Leeds and Selby, the Port of and many other Places, and be of essential Service to the Trade carried bn between the said Port of Hull and Town of Leeds, as also of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law, under - such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Re-l^riftions, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred to the Cofnmittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tnfders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, IVakefield, Hali-fjix, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough,

Boroughbridge, Wether by, Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, fihirfk, Malt on, Otley, Settle, and

elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the

Twenty-First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying " and murdering of Bastard Children," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children: And that Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Recorder bf London, Mr. , and Mr. Whit-

worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 15th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1772 to the 24th June 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1772 to the 24th of June 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Rfeport be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may . have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of t .,e whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town

of

Bastard

Children,

Protestant

Dissenters.

Supply-

Estimates

referred.

Leeds

and Selby Canal.

13 Geo. III. 3° — 40 Feb 107

of Leeds, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Sftling forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, should the above Canal be made, it will be attended with a very great Lois and Inconvenience to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knarefbormgh, Boroughbridge, Wet her by, Aldborough, Be-

dall, Richmond, Northallerton, Malton, Otley,

Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Stealing of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Dog*. 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prefenration The House was moved. That art Act, made in the of Game, j 0t h Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better Preservation of the Game " within that Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

NewcaAle, Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Coal Trade. Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the " Ports of Newcastle and SunderlandAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Com and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Provisions. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Fitzmaorice’s Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Estates. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of David Roberts and John Roberts, Esquires.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Yol. 34.

yovisy 40 die Februarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III'" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

SIR William Dolben presented to the House, accord- peterbo-ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an rough,

Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Roads. Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapfion, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more elsedually repairing the said Road; and for repairing the Road ( leading from the North End of the Town of Ellon to the Toll Gate at Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from a certain Place in the Parish of Liljord (where the London Way crosses the Turnpike Road leading from Oundle to Thrapfion) to the Turnpike Road from Thrapfion to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, Lee<k and in the County of Lancaster: And also, Selby Canal.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of King/lon upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and Ipswich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed.

Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, at or near Water Lane, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may be passed into a Law, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House’ shall seem meet.

A Petition of the jseveral Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and letting forth, That, when the said Canal is perfeded, the Petitioners and the Inhabitants of many other Parishes and Places, within the said County, will be supplied with Coals at a much cheaper Rate than they are at present by Means of the Rivers Air and Colder, which are subject to many Obstrudions and Delays and’ the Carriage or Conveyance of all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, between the West Riding of the County of York and the said City of Lincoln, and other Places within the said County of Lincoln, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered much less expensive; and the said Canal will in many other Respects be of great public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill; and that the same may pals into a Law, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York,

Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield,

Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Kn Borough-

bridge,

io8

4* Februarii.

bridge, Wet her by, Richmond,

Northallerton, Malton, Otley, Skiptoil,

Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred.

Croydon, &c, A Petition of the Inn-keepers of Croydon,

"FenS, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain " Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called InvestedLands," within the First District

or Division of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds* and of other Owners and Occupiers of Land within the said District, was referred. That the Committee

Inn-keepers. Sutton, and C&rfhalton, in the County of Surrey, was ' had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And therefore praying the House to alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such Way act shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ashby- Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

«e *n *° whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and amal Debts. 'jYadefmen, whose Names are thereto subscribed, reading in the Market Town of Ashby-de-la-zouch, in the County of Leicester, and in the several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, in the Neighbourhood thereof, which lie in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Henry Hart, being examined, laid. That, in the said Market Town and Neighbourhood, there is a large Manufactory carried on, and also several very considerable Collieries, Limeworks, and Potworks, which employ a

Seat Number of People, who frequently contract small ebts; and although they are well able, refuse to pay, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in suing for the lame; and that, if an easy and speedy Method for Recovery of Small Debts was established, it would greatly tend to the Support of useful Credit, and be of public Utility.

Mr. Joseph JVilkes confirmed the above Evidence.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Parish of Afkby-de-la-zouch, in the County of Leicester, and several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, near the said Town, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Parish of Ashby-de-la-zouch, in the County of Leicester, and several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, near the said Town, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Skipwith, and Sir John Paimer, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame. '

had directed him to report the fatile, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was tead; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Knowles, being examined, said* That, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, Taxes have been laid, and the Money thereby raised, together with a considerable Sum, which the Commissioners borrowed, have been applied in making and maintaining Works necessary to be erected for draining the Lands in the First District described in -the said Act, by which the Lands in the said District have been much improved; but that, as the Money produced by the present Tax is not more than sufficient to answer the common Expences of keeping the Works in Repair, it is necessary to make some additional Rate, in order to raise Money to discharge the Debt incurred by the Commissioners, and to complete the Drainage of the said Lands — That the Banks of the Ouse, and Bran*

don Rivers, are very' much damaged by Horses haling Boats therein — that the Repairs of the said Banks are constantly attended-with a great Expence, towards defraying which, neither -the Owners of the Horses, nor the Persons employing them, contribute any Thing; And he added. That the Works necessary for completely draining the said First District, cannot be finished, unless the Powers of the said Act, as far as the same relate to the said First District, are explained and enlarged.

Mr. Thomas Hood confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Knowles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and,

" between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and u Brandon River North, bounded on the West by the " River Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Earfwell " Brook, and the hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

" of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell " certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid,

" commonly called Invested Lands " so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the First DistriEl described in the said Act; And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mildenhall, Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, (ift District) to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Drainage. jn Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen lands and Low Grounds, in the " lile of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and , be-

tween Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and - don River North, bounded on the West by the River " Ouse, and on the East by Winter Load, Brook,

" and the hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the > " Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the *.

6

Sir Sampson Gideon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from " the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red Croft, " in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of ,"

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr.

Haverhill,

&c.

Road.

13 Geo. III. 40

109

Mr. John Talbott, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reig$, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelf ord, in the County of Cambridge: And that Sir Sampson Gideon and Sir John Hynde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shipping The House was moved. That an Act, made in the and __ 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

Navigation, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of King fViltiam the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating " Abuses, in the Plantation Trade," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon <ttlefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Methods of preventing the Evils arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to AJta, Africa, and America.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Green do attend the said Committee, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephen do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Morse, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Breach do attend the said Committee, at the same Time,

Bristol A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Bristol,

Theatre, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed. Application is intended to be macfe, for Leave to bring in a Bill for licensing a Theatre in that City» and that the Petitioners, being apprehensive of the dangerous Consequences of licensing Playhouses, hope that every Attempt to alter the present Laws in that City, by a Bill to license a Theatre, may meet with the Disapprobation of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, is referred,

Supply. Mr. Cobper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, - That a Sumi not exceeding Five thousand One hundred and Forty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand and Eighty-six Pounds be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Vol. 34.

Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1772 to the 24th Day of June 1773.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1771 to the 24th Day of June

x773-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Two hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of W Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1772 to the 24th Day of 1773*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1773.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegmbia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1773.

The said Resolutions bfcing severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Lease-hold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehdld or Leasehold Estates, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Hause.

The' House was moved, that the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon MondaJ Morning next, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

F f The

West India Colonies.

Adjourn-

ment*

Supply.

'A .».ys and Means.

St. Vincent5*.

Kertford-

bridgehill

Roads.

Ross Roads.

116 40 — xf Februa . 1773.

The House was moved, that the Order* made Yesterday, for the House to refo.lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon MoVning next, to

consider further of Wa^s and Mesfhs for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orderbe'discharged.

Resolved, That this HoUfe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refolVe itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monddy the 25th Day of 'January last, for talcing into Consideration the Papers presented to the House upon the 23d Day of Dkeniber last, by the Lord amd Mr. Knoic, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, Upon Monday next, might be read. , .

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon 'Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were Ordered to attend this House upon Monday Morning next, do attend this House upon Wednes Morning next.

Arid 'then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning ‘next. Ten of the Clock.

MarttSi 90 die FebrUarir.

Anno 13® Georgii IIP11 Regis; 1773.

PkAY Ell'S;

TSabel Bouillon took the Oaths appointed in order to her * Naturalization.

Sir Henry Saint John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the xoth and 21st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridgehill to the Town of Ba~

fingfloke, and also the Road from Hert/ordbridgehill aforesaid to the Town of Oin the County of Southampton: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Foley, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of , was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, proceeded to amend the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which now remain unpaid; that the Tolls collected upon some of the Branches of the said Roads are inefficient for the j^cessary Repairs thereof; and it would be a Relief to the several Persons residing near and frequenting the said Roads, if the Trustees were exempted from the Expence of repairing those Roads, and if the

Tolls now payable Were to cease; that the Terrri of the ftiid Act is near expiring, and unlel’s the same is further continued', and some Alterations and Amendments made therein, the Money now owing cannot be discharged; and the Roads kept in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twerity-fecorid Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Rails leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Foley, Junior, and Mr. Scudamore, do prepare, and bring in', the fame.

Mr. Foley, Junior, reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, leading front the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of thfe laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Jdhn ClaYk, being examined, said. That the Trustees had borrowed the Sum of £.2,000, which, together With the Tolls, had been laid out in the Repair of the Roads, and the several Expences attending the Execution of the Trust; that the said Sum now remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, uriless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, amended, and made more effectuah

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through The IV eljltHall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Bridley’s Mountain, to Eardi-sley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County: And that Mr. Foley, Junior, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable 'Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll-gate in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the ’ Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Kingtoa

Roadi

Irchester

Inclosurcf

Kettering

Road:

WarminScr &c. . Small Debt3.

Peter-

borough

Roads.

Market-

eighton

Inclosurtf.

Absence;

Exeter Small Debts.

Ashby-de-ia-zouch Small Debts.

BrrnkKill

Ifidoiure.

ttlwcaflfc, See. Coil Trade.

13 Geo. III.

9® FeWuarii.

hi

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotled.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothifers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of , in

the County of Wilts, the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of West bury, in the same County, the Bailiff of the Borough of in the fame

County, the Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Mere, in the said County, hnd the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other principal inhabitants, residing in and near the said Towns and Boroughs; and elsewhere within the Hundreds of Warminf Heytesbury,

and Merc, in the said County of is referred;

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in thb 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City, of through Oundle and Thrapflon, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and for repairing the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton to the Toll-gate at Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; and from a certain Place in the Parish of Liljord (where the London Way erodes the Turnpike Road leading from Oundle to to the Turn-

pike Road frdm Thrapflon to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight ley) Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for diviejittg and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in thfe Manor of Market Weighton, with Shipton; in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr; Skiptvith,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock; in, the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton have Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, oh his private Affairs.

brdered. That Lord George Sutton have Leave to flay in the Country for Six Weeks, oh his private Affairs. 1

Mr. John Walter presented io the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Of froall Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter: And, the same was received; and read the Pirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendifhpresented to the House; according to Order; a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Parish of Ashbe-dc-la-zonch, in the County of and

several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, near the said Town, in the Counties of and Derby: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be tead a Second Time.

Lord BYownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, ,a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Me dovvs, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Puri (li of Brinkhilf, in the County of Lincoln: And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be lead a Second Time;

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Vear of His present Majesty* intituled; " An Act to Tegu-

Vot,. 34.

‘1 late the Loading of Ships with Coals; in the Ports " of Newcastle and Sunderlandwas read a Second

Time!

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Choimley,

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill for dividing and inblofing certain Waste Lands, Had for.

called Hadfor Common, in the County of Worcester, was hiclosure. read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Tor'ke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolvecl, That this House will, immediately, resolve Fitzmau-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ^ates* of the Petition of David Roberts and John Roberts,

Esquires.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left th.e Chair.

Mr. Fitzmaurice took the Chair of thb Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fitzmaurice reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when ihe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Fitzmaurice accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Estate and Effects of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased, which are efehtated to the Crown, to Trustees; upon the Trusts to be therein mentioned.

And Mr. Fitzmaurice moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Estate and Effects of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased, which are eP cheated to the Crown, to Trustees, upon the Trusts to be therein mentioned: Arid that Mr. Fitzmaurice and Mr. Dowdeswell do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Shipfto*

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers <jf Roads. Three Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth; and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading (tom a Gate called ShipJlohi Toll G'.te, at Bridge Town, in

the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Aldermivfler arid Slupfion upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the . first Mile Stone startding on the said Shipfloil Road, through a Lane called Cliff drd Lane, and through Mickle-ion and Chipping Cabip’den, to a Place balled Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said first-men tibned Road: Arid the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow presented to the House; according to Bourton tfrder, a Bill for. dividing,- allotting, and inclosing, the ,nc, ofurev Open Common Fields, Comtnon Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Wafer, in the County of Gloucester, , and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Landholder^; Farmers, and Occu- Grave fend piers, of the several, Estates; situate within the Parishes Paving, of Gravejfend and Milton, in the County of Kent, which

are

Foreigners

Shipowners.

Bastard

Children.

Criminal

Laws.

St. Vincent's.

Churchill

lndofure.

112 90 Februani. . 1773.

are without such Parts of the several Streets called

Street, East Street, and West Street, in the said Parishes, proposed to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, under an Act to be obtained for that Purpose, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Street, East

Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for lighting the other Streets, and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances, within the said Town and Parish; and setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in the form it now Hands, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as very materially affect their respective Properties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same 'rime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Methods of preventing the Evils arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Acts, Africa, and America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-t night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Lockhart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Destroying and " Murdering of Bastard Children:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Lockhart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, all Proposals which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for purchasing' Lands in the Island of Vincent, from the Caribbs, with all Reports made by Sir William or any other Person or Persons to whom such Proposals were referred; together with the Resolution of the Board of Treasury, and the Instructions given to Sir William Tonge in consequence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common, within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to inquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon; acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in' at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Ssflion.

N. B.A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That no Committee of Secrecy, nor any other Committee appointed by this House, hath any Authority to enjoin Secrecy to the Witnesses examined by them;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Garth, Sir George Savile, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confine the Obligation to the Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles to such Persons as are now required by Act of Parliament to subscribe the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of the Captains of His Majesty’s Navy, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty is Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That many of the Petitioners, having no other Means of Subsistence than their Half-pay, are under the greatest Difficulties to provide for their Support; and that the Provision made for them, and stiled their Half-pay, is rated on a reduced Establishment, and does not, in their particular Cafe, bear the Proportion to their Whole-pay; and that the Petitioners have always been, and ever shall be, ready to testify, by their Conduct, their unabated Zeal for the public Service; and solicit such Relief, in their present Ne-ceffities, by a suitable Addition to their Half-pay, or such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

' A Motion was made, and the Question being put^ That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided:

The

East India Affairs — Committee of Se:rccy.

Witnesses.

Public

Highways*

The Thirty-nine Articles.

Captains

of

the Navy.

io° Febrmrii.

13 Geo. III.

113

The Yeas went forth: Tellers for the Yeas, [

Tellers for the Noes,

154,

45-

West India Colonies.

Lord Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred to Lord Howe, Sir George &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Februarii \

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

St Vincent.

Cromwell

Inclosure.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hittchinbrook reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty } and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Air. George Bridges Brttdenell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Town of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Setou, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Harbours belonging to the Town of Greenock are not large enough to accommodate the Ships resorting thereto, nor deep enough to receive Vessels of great Burthen when full laden, such Vessels being, obliged to unload Part of their Cargoes in the Road, into Lighters, before they can enter the said'Harbours; that the said Town is very badly supplied with fresh Water, and the Streets therein ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and, patched , that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the said Town, if Power was given to deepen, cleanse, and enlarge, the Harbours belonging thereto, and to erect Piers, Quays, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Ships and Vessels resorting thereto j and that it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if they were well supplied with fresh Water, and the Streets properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock and for making a new Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town: And that Mr.

M'Dowall and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord IVenman presented to the House, according Upton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of Leicester, in the Leicester.and County of Leicester; And also,

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of the City of ter, in the County of Sussex -,

Were severally presented to the House, and read } Complaining of the Hardships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses:

And therefore praying the House to alleviate their Distrclfes, in such Way as to them shall l'eem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Baling (lone A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of

Road- an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Biftop’s Sutton,

New Alresford, and Mattingly, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry St. John, Mr. Rowlett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Creenock Mr. ARDozvall reported from the Committee, to Harbour, kc. whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of Vol. 34.

A Petition of the principal Owners of Ships belong- fjewtaflle ing to the Port of Newcnftle upon Tyne, was presented and to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act Sundri-land passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Trade. Majesty, to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland-, and that it would be of great Advantage to the Coal Trade, and to the Public in general, and also an Encouragement for the Owners of Ships to take Apprentices in the Sea Service, if the said Act (which expires the First Day of June next) should be continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, or for such other Term as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

G g An

114 io Februa . 1773.

Kettering An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the lieign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the 'l'erm and Powers, of art Act, made in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate, in the Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wrotham- Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Road* cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and

oa ’ Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road, from the

Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the d own of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, and from the said Royal Oak, to the Town of Maidfiom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ciravefend. A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Paving. Parishes of Grave fend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and of Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Town and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and in the down and Parishes of GraveJ'end and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said down and Parishes; and Setting forth, That, if the Provisions of the said Bill for paving and cleansing the said Streets, were extended to the several other Streets and Places within the said Town and Parishes, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners and others, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

L^pds and A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are S*lby thereunto lubi'cribed, being Owners of, or Persons em-Navijaron. ployed in navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Aire and Colder, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the 10th anti nth Years of his late Majesty King William the Third, certain Persons therein named were empowered, at their own Colts anti Charges, to make the said Rivers navigable, from a Place called upon the River Aire,

up to the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, in the West Riding of the said County; and divers Rates and Tolls are thereby granted to the said Undertakers, their Heirs, and Assigns, as a Recompence for the same; and that, by Virtue of the Powers contained in the said Act, the said Undertakers have made a very imperfect and deleft ive Navigation, subject to many Impediments from Sand Banks, Shoals, and other Obstructions; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Legislature intended the Navigation upon the said Rivers should be free and cperi to ad Ills Majesty’s Subjects, upon Payment of 1 ho Toils thereby granted, or such other Sum or Sums 1 pi Money as should be demanded in Ljcu thereof; -lA.it.

the contrary has been the same for many Years past; and that the present Lessee or Farmer of the Rates and Tolls of the said Rivers is the foie Owner of a great Number of Vessels, and concerned, as Partner, in many other Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, who has monopolized the Freight in such Articles as he chooses to carry, whereby the Employment of the Petitioners and their Vessels, in navigating upon the said Rivers, depends solely upon the Pleasure of the said Lessee; and that the Lock-keepers upon the said Rivers,- and others employed in the Management there* of, shew great Partiality to the Vessels belonging to the said Lessee, or those wherein he is interested as a Partner* and frequently refuse to permit the Petitioners Vessels to pass through the Locks in Rotation as they come there, and oblige them to flop, and give Way to the said Lessee’s Vessels; and also stop the Water at the said Lock Gates, to prevent the Petitioners Vessels getting over the Shoals and Sand Banks within the said Rivers; by which Means the Petitioners Vessels, and the Goods on board, are frequently detained for a long Time, whereby the said Lessee gets his own Goods to Market before any other Persons can come there, to the great Oppression of the Petitioners, and to the Damage of those whose Goods are on board; and when the Petitioners and others have remonstrated with the Lock-keepers concerning the Unfairnels and Injustice of these Proceedings, they have been intuited, and threatened, that if they were difl'atisfied, or made any Complaints, they should pay greater or more Lock Dues the next Time their Vessels should pass upon the said Rivers; and that the: Petitioners are informed. Application is intended to be made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County of York, and that the natural Navigation, by the flowing and re-flowing of the Tide of the Sea to and from Selby, is much better than to and from Weeland; and that, if the said intended Cut, or Canal, is made and perfected in a proper Manner, the Carriage and Conveyance of Goods, to and from Leeds and the Sea, will bfc greatly facilitated, and rendered much lei's expensive than by Means of the Navigation of the said Rivers Aire and Colder, and the Public will be relieved from the Oppression and unfair Practices now used upon the said Rivers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such llestrictions, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge. Wet her by, Aldborough, Richmond,

Northallerton, Yhirjk, Ma/tcn, Otley, Settle, and

elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming West India the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Colonies. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such freehold Or Leasehold Estates, was committed, be now read.

And the said- Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

' And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read & Second Time, upon the

Question

i3 Geo. III. io 0 Febru 115

Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gailes Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of KirbyRavensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mailing. Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Stre« the Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in 03 ' the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green,

through the Parishes of Rtchingham and Bttrwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battel, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the Welt End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Absence. Ordered, That Mr. Van have Leave to go into the Country, on his private Affairs.

Stourbridge A Petition of many of the Trustees appointed to Road, put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the , Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said relates to repairing the Roads leading from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and to The Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street in the said Town called New Street, and of many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham and Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read -, Setting forth, That a Petition of several of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for an Increase of Tolls, and Continuance of the l'erpi granted by the said Act, and also for an Alteration, Variation, and Enlargement, of the Powers thereof; of all which Proceedings no public Notice hath been given, or come to the Knowledge of the Petitioners; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, touching any Clauses to be inserted in the said Vol. 34.

Bill that may in any wise affect, or be preju dicial to, the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie u pen the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-Iixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads " therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester,

" Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively," so far as the same relate to the Roads leading from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the said County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hag-ley and Halesowen, to The Cross of Hands, near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street in the said Town of Birmingham, called the New Street, is referred.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to Aberdeen whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Harbour. Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Longlands, being examined, said. That the Entrance to the Harbour of Aberdeen is greatly obstructed by a Bar or large Bank of Sand, which runs across the fame, and the Piers, Quays, and other Works, are insufficient for the Accommodation of the Trade of the said City, which of late Years has greatly increas'd.

That the Navigation and Harbour may be greatly improved by running out a Pier into the Sea on the North Side of the Harbour, and by cleaning, deepening, and widening, the fame, and the Entrance thereto, by erecting proper Piers, Quays, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Trade and Shipping, and by veiling the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of Aberdeen, with proper Powers for regulating all Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting New Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbourj And that Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Lyon, and Mr. Garden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their St. Vincent. Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, N° 1, Copy of Proposals for the Purchase of Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent, now in the Possession of the Charibbsj received ad December 1770: And also,

A Paper, intituled, N° 2, 7 January 1771, Sir Young, on the Propositions for purchasing the Charibbs Lands in Saint Vincent', received January 8th 1771:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, N° 3, Copy Memorial of MelT.

Lamolie and Lamarque, relative1 to Lands held by the Charibbs, at Saint Vincent; received November 4th 1770: And also,

A Paper, 'intituled, N° 4, Report of Sir William Young, on the Memorial of Melfieurs Lamolie and La-marque-, received January 8,1,771: And also,

A Paper,

n6 10° — 11° Februarii. A. 1773.

A Paper, intituled, N° 5, Instructions to the Commissioners for the Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands, in regard to the Lands occupied by the in

Saint Vincent, dated 25th of January 1771: And

all'o,

A Paper, intituled, N° 6, Copy Petition of William Lindow, Esquire, on Behalf of John Esquire;

received 8th May 1771 And all'o,

A Paper, intituled, N° 7, Commissioners for Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands Report on the.Petition of John Augier, Esquire; received December 27, 1771; And also,

A Paper, intituled, N# 8, Copies of Treasury Minutes, in consequence of Proposals which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for purchasing Lands in the Island of Saint Vincent, from the Charibbs, and in consequence of Re-

ports made by Sir William Young and others, upon such Proposals.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Papers presented to the House by the Lord Barrington and Mr. Knox, upon the 23d Day of December, and the 25th Day of January last, are ordered to be taken into Cor.lideration.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bouillon’s - A Bill for naturalizing Isabel , was read a

Nat. Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pownall,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

-o *

West India Ordered, That Mr. James Majfu do, upon Tuesday Colonies, Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of proper Methods of preventing the Evils arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Asia, Africa, and America.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Simon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alcock, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Whitgreave Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the the First Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker*

Foreign The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Protestant extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Children. year Gf the Reign of* his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain a Clause in " an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her " late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign " Protestants, which relates to the Children of the " natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or " of Great Britain," to the Children of such Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The The House was moved, that the Order, made Yester-

TArtide'ne ^or t^ie House to resolve itself into a Committee of rue es. tjje ^jj0ie House, upon that Day Sevennight, to consider

of the Motion, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confine the Obligation to the Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles to such Persons as are now required by Act of Parliament to subscribe the lame, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England, or any other Test now required of Persons in either of the Twq Universities.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean1, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; revi on*’ to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Hpufe proceeded to take into Consideration St. Vincent the Papers presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington and Mr. Knox, upon the 23d Day of December and 25 th Day of January last, and this Day by Mr. Cooper.

And the said Papers were read; and several of the Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were examined in relation thereto.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were orr dered to attend this House this Day, except Lieutenant General Oughton and Lieutenant Genera

Trapaud, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, ii° dieFebruarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

/\Rdered, That the East India Company do lay before East India this House, a Copy of the Minute of Colonel Richard p*Pers> Smith, dated the 16th May 1768, relative to the Fortifi- ordere<1* cations of Fort William.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Letter of the Chief Engineer

13 Geo. III. 11* r i 17

heer Captain Martin, to the Governor and Council of Mr. Thomas produced to your Committee,

Fort William, dated 7 thjune 1768. An Account of the Debt now owing upon the said

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before District, amounting to £. 3,458. 2. 2$; and said. That this House, Copies of the Consultations of the said the said Tax is inlufficent for the Purposes intended. Governor and Council of the 7th' Juke 1768, as far and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, and the Lands as the same relate to the said Chief Engineer, the For* completely drained, unless an additional Tax be laid upon tifications, the Opinion of the President and Council, the said Lands.

or of the Commander in Chief of the Forces in Bengal. Mil. John Wing confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, with

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before respect to the lafufEcency of the Tax for draining Ihe this House, Copies of the Chief Engineer’s Letter of laid Lands.

the 13th June, Colonel Smith's Minute of the same ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bib 'for . Date, with the Proceedings of Council of that Day, so’ amending' and rendering more effectual.an Act, made far as the same relate to the Fortifications. in the Twenty-seventh Yeas of the Reign of his, late

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before Majesty KingGeotge the Second, intituled, "-An Act this House, a Copy of the Secretary of the Council’s Let- " for -discharging the Corporation of the Governor, ter of the - 13 th June, to the Chief Engineer, together " Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con-with the Consultations of the 4th July, the 18th and 20th 41 fervators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly of the same Month, relative to the same Subject. " called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Dpke

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before " of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the -this House, Copies of the Letters of Majors Watson " Proprietors of Lands in the North-Level, Part of the and Polier, to the President and Council of ForvWilliam, " laid Great Level, to raise Money, to discharge the with the Letter of the Chief Engineer, of the 4th July, " Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of entered in Confutation the 20th of the same Month. "the said Corporations and for ascertaining and ap-

" propriating the Taxes to be laid in the said North Bevzeville’s Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, accord- " Level, and for the more effectual draining and pre-

Wat. ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville: " ierving the said North Level, and divers Lands ad-

And the fanie was received; and read the First Time. " joining thereto, in the Manor of so far as

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the

Second District in the said Act described: And that Sir M ldenhall Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, accord- John rand Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare.

Drainage. ing tQ Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effec- and bring in, the fame, tual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain to whom the Petition of* the several Owners and ProFen Lands and Low Grounds, in the lile of Ely, and prietors of certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes " Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall of Saint Giles and Newton, in the lile of Ely, in the " River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, County of Cambridge, apd in Tid Saint Mary's in the " bounded on the West by the River Ouze, and on the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto fubEast by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard feribed, was referred. That the Committee had exaLands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Gover- mined the Matter-of the said Petition, and had direct- nor, Bai.iffs, and Commonalty of the Company of ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, com- the House; and he read the Report in his Place!; and " monly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where " lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Invested Lands," so far as the same relates to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. - several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First John Pike, being examined, said. That the Lands and District described in the said Act: And the same was Grounds in the said Parishes, containing by Estimation received; and read the First Time. about 5,400 Acres, are much annoyed with Watet, for

RefoivedyThzt the Bill be read a Second Time. want of a proper Drainage; that, if the same were

effectually drained, it would be of great Advan-North Level Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, tage to the Proprietors thereof; but that such Drained District) to' whom the Petition of several of the Owners and age cannot be effected without the Assistance of Parlia-Drainage. Proprietors of certain Lands, called or known by the ment.

several Names of Northea, Willow Hall, North Fenn, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prior's Fenn, The Springs, Cowcroft, and BaJJenhall Moor, draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in in the Townships of Whittlesey, Eye, and Standground, the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle within the Me of Ely, in the Counties of Cambridge, of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Saint Huntingdon, and Northampton, was referred, That the Mary's, in the County of Lincoln.: And that Sir John Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Hynde Cotton and Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare, and tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it bring in, the fame, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Pro-To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an prietors of certain Lands, Part of the North Level, Act, made in the ayrh Year of his late Majesty’s Reiign, lying in the Me of in the County of Cambridge, and for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, bounded on the West by the East Bank ot Gold Dike, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of and the East Bank of Knar Lake-, on the North by the the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford South Bank of that Part of the South Eau, which Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and runs from Gold Dike to Clows Cross; on the East by Earl of Lincoln, and for other Purposes, was read; the West Bank of that Part of the Old South Eau, which whereby it appeared, that the said Lands, amongst runs from Guyhirn unto Clows Cross,; and on the South, others, were stiled the Second District of the North by the North Bank of the was referred;

Level, Part of the said Great Level, and charged with That the Committee had examined the Matter of the an Annual Sum of One Shilling an Acre, for the inward said Petition, and had dirtfted him to report the lame. Works of the said District And as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Vol. 34. il fa Report

Tid St. Giles Drainage.

North Level (4th District) Drainage.

118. i.i? Februarii. v 1 1773,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ft in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and i* as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty* of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called from a

Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Linds in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Levd, in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more.effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of , was read;

whereby it app>eared, that the said Lands were 'called the Fourth District of the said North Level, and chargeable with a Yearly Rate, for the First Two Years, the Sum of Two Shillings an Acre, and after the Expiration of the Two Years, the Annual Sum of One Shilling an Acre, for carrying on the Works of the said District: And,

Mr. Emnerson Harrifott, Collector of the said Rates, being examined, said, That the same have been found insufficient for making the necessary Works for draining and preserving the said Lands, and that a consider-abie Debt hath been incurred, amounting to f. 1,548, exclusive of the Expence of the Works now carrying on, estimated at £.600; which Debt cannot be discharged, or the said Lands drained, unless an additional Tax be laid for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said North Level: And that Sir John Hyttde Cotton and Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare, and v bring in, the fame.

Newark Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to.

Road, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, residing in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Lewis Disney, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from the Bridge at Bracebridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and from Newark aforesaid to the -

ham Turnpike Road, near the Guide Post on the.Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the County of arc in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Philip Tallents confirmed the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, at the Guide Polls on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Willoughby and Mr. Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bracebridge Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Road. for. repairing and widening the Road, leading from the Bridge at Bracebridge, in the County of Lincoln, to

Newark upon Trent, in the’ County of Nottingham:'

And that Mr. Willoughby and Mr. Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- Sir Edward AJlley. presented to the House, according Upwell and to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual,- 0"twell qu Act, passed in the Tweitty-rfecoud Year of the Reign ra, naSe-of his late Majesty King George the Second,.intituled,

" An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, witlvjn the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and " Otflwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney,

in the‘Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and " Norfolk," so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popha Eau: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Samuel Trotman, ReClot. Alkerton of Alkerton, John Capel Townshend, Lord of the said Inclosure. Manor, and divers other Owners and Proprietors of the Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Fields and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting fprth. That it appears, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Lands, Meadows, and Grounds;, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that such Inclosure and Division will be extremely injurious to the Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may not be compielled to alter the present Mode of Enjoyment of their respective. Properties in the said Common Fields and Liberties; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Common I^nds, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Fields and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford.

A Petition of the principal Inn-keepers of the Bo- Derby rough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was pre- Inn-keepers, fented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Diltrels the Petitioners pledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers: And therefore praying the House; tp:. alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such Way as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ....

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are. Leeds thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of and Selby Lands, lying within the Parish of in the County Canal,

of TorkJand several other. Parishes and Townships in

the said County, was prefeoted to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is depending, for a Bill, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liver-/tfo/.Canal Navigation, in the Tawnship of Holherk, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or neat Selby, in the said County; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said intended Canal is proposed to be cut and carried through the Lands oh the Petitioners, whereby their Estates will be greatly damaged; and that such intended Canal will be in other Respects prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others,

the

OflicGS

and Employments.

Tardebigg

lndoiure.

Corcbod’s

Nat.

The

Thirty-nine

Articles.

Occasional

Voters.

Stourbridge

Roads.

13 Geo. III.

11

Februarii.

119

the principal Inhabitants of Leeds., Turk, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Bradford,

Selby, Bippon, Knaresborough, Borough bridge, Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, Thirjle, Malton, Otley, . Skipton, Settle, and eUcwhere, in the County of York, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petjtion. if they think fit-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former PetitiptK against the Petition now presented.

A tylefl'age from she Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

/ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted, to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for obviating Doubts touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,'say dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned, in that Part, of the Manor of Tardebigg which lies in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Francis Cure hod; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

The House was moved, that the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Morning next, to

consider of the Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles of the Chjurch of England, or any other left now required of Persons in either of the Two Universities, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged-Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuffday Seven-night, the Twenty-third Day of this Instant,

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing occasional Voters ip Elections of Members to lerye in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of Voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morton, Mr. Medley, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, t<? whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Msytfty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Market " House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, " and Warwick, respectively," so far as the fapie relates to

the Road leading from Blakedow Pool, in the Parish of Kiddeminster, in the said County of Worcester, through the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Halesowen, to The Cross of the Hands, near to Hollgway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street in the said Vo u34.

Town of Birmingham, called The New Street; and also -the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act: of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Yqar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and wideaing several Roads leading from the Market House in " Stourbridge,*.nd other Roads therein mentioned, in the

" Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick,

" mspectively," so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the said Mafket House in Stourbridge ta Wordefiey Green Gate, and also to the Town of Bromf-grpve, and also to a Place called Clap Gate, and also to the Sign of The Crown at Iverly Hill, in the said Act specified, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Wight, Esquire, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said RqadSj and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed; which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, the Tolls encreased, and the Powers of the said Act altered and enla'ged.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Brettel, being examined, laid. That great. Progress has been made in repairing that Part of the Road described in the Petition, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed; but that the said Roads.cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless tnp Term and Powers of the said Act are imntiqued and enlarged, and the Toll? encreased:

And he further fffid, That, in order to render the said Road more convenient, it will be necessary to remove the Market House in Stourbridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market Hopfe in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively: And that Mr. Dowdeswell,

Mr. Foley, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Bromsgrove whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed anR^^.ley to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in °a ' the 13th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the pirft, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgroveto the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and v afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’? Table: Where '

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Walter Woodcock, Esquire, being examined, said.

That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, and that a considerable Sum of Money, which was borrowed on the Credit of the Act, has, together with the Tolls collected, been expended thereon which Sums so borrowed cannot be paid off, and the Roads completely and effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further Powers granted: And he added. That it would be a

great

St. Martin I Birmingham) Leafing.

HiglAeaya.

St. Vincent.

Private % Madhouses

Bouillon’s

Nat.

t

Poor.

120 11° Februarii. A. 1773.

great Convenience to all Persons travelling the ' said Roads, if the Trustees were impowered to alter the Course thereof, in order to avoid certain steep Hills, called Go/ly Furnace Min', and Hill, and to' repair

the Road on the back Part of the Town of- Hale/dwen, from Halesowen Furnace by Halesowen Mill, the same being the nearest Way between Bromsgrove and Dudley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several ACfcs, made in the 13th Year of the lleign of King George the First, and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the: Roads leading from the Town of to the Town of

Dudley, in the County of Wo, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley: And that Mr. Dowde/will and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill to enable the Rector of Saint Martin, ,'m Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the GleS? Lands belonging to the said Rectory: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill-be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William one of the Commissioners for Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, when the Papers relating to the island of Saint Vincent are ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon the 2 2d Day of "February 1763, was made from , the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Private Madhouses in this Kingdom; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of private Madhouses: And that Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Vernon, Captain Phipps,

and Mr. Hot ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing 1/abel Bouillon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committe*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when (he Hcrnfe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Baconaccordingly' reported fironh the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill/ and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Howie.

Mr. Fitzmaurice reported from the Committee,- to Cherhill whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting into RoAds* Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Road from Cherhill, through Colne, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherhill to the Three Mile Borough, at the Top of Cherhill Hill, in County of Wilts, and of several Land Owners . 'and others residing near the said Roads, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Merryweaiher, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Ad, and have borrowed a confxderable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, with the Tolls collected, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, but that some Parts th<*bf are still out of Repair.

That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Sum of £.1,698 is now owing; which cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Mr. George Serle Bailiff, confirmed the said Evidence, with respect to the State of the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherhill, through Caine to Studley Bridge, and from Cherhill to the Three Mile Borough, at the Top of Cherhill Hill, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Fitzmaurice and Mr. Dunning do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His St. Vincent. Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Roch/ord to Governor Ley borne, Whitehall, ift October 1772.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, when the Papers presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington and Mr.

Knox, upon the 23d Day of December and 25th Day of January last, and Yesterday by Mr. Cooper, are ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

i3 Geo. Ill

12 ° Februatii. 121

Vtnerts, I2* die;

Anno 13* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Leave f~\ Rdered., That Mr. H have Leave to go into

,of the Country on his private Affairs.

Absence.

West India An ingrossed Bill to encourage the Subjects of Fo-

Colonies. reign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indiesand to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be add*ed to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Sale of the Lands, without the Consent of the Mortgager.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies, and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ireland: Mr. Cornwall presented to the House, according to

Oath of Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert

Office. Lor(j Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Wetbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Pay-master General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for thfc Enjoyment of the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Arkendale Mr. Hot ham presented to the House, according to

inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received:

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bast Real Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord-

Inclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Easter Real, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bouillon’* An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Isabel Bouillon, Nat. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Isabel Bouillon.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

Mr. Fitzmaurice presented to the House, according to Cherill Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging Road*, the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road' from Cherill, through , to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile -rough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Colton presented to the House, accord- Chatteri* ing to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for flocking, reeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands, lying in the Open Fields of Chatteris aforesaid, to fence the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Gravesend to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town Paving, and Parishes of Gravefendand Milton, in the County of Kent, and of Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Town and Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directead him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis Webb, Esquire, being examined, said. That if the Provisions contained in the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the said Town and Parishes, were extended to the several other Streets and Places therein, the same would be very advantageous, and of public Utility.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. George S' Loo Man.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, or extending the same to the paving and cleansing the several other Streets and Places within the said Town and Parishes.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom Mont. the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put gomery, &c. in Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Roads. Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Act was read: And,

Mr. David Jones, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have made great Progress in the Repair of the Roads therein described; and that a considerable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads fufKciently amended, unless the Term granted be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

The Reverend Dr. Worthington, the Reverend Mr.

I i Humphreys,

d by

122 . 12° Februarii. 773'

Humphreys, and Mr. D Jones, being examined,

said, That they know the Road leading from through Newtown, to the Confines of the County of Montgomery, near the New Pound, and the several other additional Roads described in the Petition, lying in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop, which for the greatest Part are very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and that the Repair of the said Roads will be of public Utility: Then,

An Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read; and.

The Witnesses further said. That a considerable Debt is owing on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon Two Branches of Road severally lying between the 10th Mile Stone, from the Welsh Gate, in and the Towns of Pool and Oswestry, being Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said last mentioned Act; and that the Term of the said Act, with regard to the said Two Branches, is near expiring; that the said Debt cannot be discharged, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

That the Branch of Road lying between the 10th Mile Stone, from the said Welsh Gate and Pool, is about 8 Miles in Length, and in several Places interfects some of the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that, if the Repair of the said Branch was vested in the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty, it would facilitate the Execution of that Act, with regard to the Repair of the Roads interfected; that the Trustees authorized to put the said Act of the 31st of his late Majesty in Execution, and the Creditor under the same are willing to be discharged from the Repair of the above-mentioned Branch, provided the present Debt be secured on the Tflflls collected upon the fame, by the proper Alignment of the Trustees, for the said Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the Welsh Gate, in and the

Towns of Pool and Oswestry 1 and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. Williams, Sir Watkin William Wynn, Mr. Baldwyn, and Mf. Hill, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mailing- An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts,

Street made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the

Roads. Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst , through the Parishes of and Burwajk, and

from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of Kins; George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park 9

Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading form the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Hareourtj do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Exeter, and Exeter the Country adjacent, was presented to the House, and Roads.-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for amending the several Roads lying round the City of Exeter, and for enlarging the Powers of former Acts relating thereto; and that a certain Road, branching off* from the Turnpike Road, leading from Cullumpton to the said City, at a Place called Th Crab-Tree in the Parish of Broad Clift, is, at present,. the most accustomed Road from Tiverton and other Trading Towns, to the Sea Port Town of Topsham, and is also the most convenient Road for Carriages from , and many

other considerable Towns to the City of Exeter, and that the same is very ruinous: And therefore praying.

That the said Road may be made a Part of the Turnpike Roads adjacent to the City of Exeter, and included in the Bill, now depending, as a Part thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " and render more effectual Two Acts, for amending " several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and " for repairing and widening several other Roads therein " mentioned; and for re-building or repairing Exe " Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more " commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countejs Wear, in the County " of Devon," and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom j}„m the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Navigation, and Manufacturers, of the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Biedermati, an Engineer, being examined, said.

That he had surveyed the River Bure, from the Town of Coltishall to the Town of Aylsham, and the Lands adjoining thereto; that the said River is capable of being made navigable, but, in order to avoid some Shoals and other Obstructions, it will be necessary to make Cuts or Canals over the Lands adjoining to the said River, which will be a Means of making the Navigation much shorter, and more beneficial to the Public: And,

Mr. John Adey, being examined, said. That the Expence of the said Navigation is estimated at £. 6,000; that £. 1,300 has befen received by voluntary Gifts, and

2 or £. 300 more expeCled, and that the Remainder is intended to be raised by Subscription; that the Owners of the Lands, through which the intended Cuts are to be made, are consenting thereto; and that the Navigation, when completed, will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure (commonly called the North River) by and from Coltishall

? "W.

13 Geo. III. 120 Februarii. 12

shall to Ayfsham Bridgein the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. De Grey, Sir Edward AJlley, and Sir Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kins’* Bench Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom Bnion. the Petition of Benjamin Thomas, Marshal of the Marshalsea of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fa<fl contained in the said Petition, and bad directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows:

Mr. Thomas Marfden, Clerk of the Day Rules in the King’s Bench, being examined, said. That in Trinity Term 1768, there were 338 Persons, and in the same Term 1769, 443, confined in the said Prison; and that though an Act for Release of Insolvent Debtors was patted between the Years. 1769 and 1770, there were 233 Prisoners in Trinity Term 1770, and 225 in 1771, confined in the said Gaol; and that the Number of Persons confined at present therein, is 214 — ‘that before the said Prison was re-built, in 1754, the same was thought very full, if more than 80 Prisoners were under Confinement therein — that there are only 84 Rooms on the Matter’s Side of the said Prison, which Rooms are 9 Feet wide by 9 Feet 6 Inches deep — that there are 24 Rooms on the Common Side, which are occupied by Prisoners in the most indigent Circumstances, who are supported by Charity, and 12 Rooms 9 Feet 8 Inches wide by 9 Feet 5 Inches deep, on the Crown Side, for Prisoners committed for Offences; and that there are 12 Rooms in the State House, for better Sort of Crown Prisoners, amounting in the Whole to 132 Rooms only — that frequently many Prisoners are obliged to lodge in one Room, which renders it very inconvenient and unwholsome to the Persons confined in the said Prison — that, on Account of the Number of Prisoners always greatly exceeding the Number of Rooms in the said Prison, the Marshal has permitted many to lay in the Chapel, and other improper Places, and that at this Time many are obliged to lay in the Tap Room, on the Staircases and Benches, by which Means they contract Disorders, which often prove fatal, not only to themselves, but the Prisoners in general — that there are no separate Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners who are lick, nor any Place for the Confinement of those who are riotous, nor any strong Hold for Prisoners who are committed for capital Offences — that the Walls of the said Prison are so very insufficient, both with respect to Height and Thickness, that Prisoners frequently escape over and through the fame; and so thin are they in some Places, that Prisoners have been known to break through in less than Half an Hour.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

jsjavy Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Captains His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Order of Council of the ift of May 1674, directing, that an Allowance of Half Pay shall be made to the Captains of the Navy, who have borne Command in His Majesty’s Ships of the Firstand Second Rate; and also, a Copy of an Order of Council, of the 8th of October 1686, for the Establishment of an Allowance of Table Money to the Captains of the Navy; and also, a

Copy of the Order of Council, of the 23d February 1693, with the Memorial from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and Estimatcs delivered therewith; and also, a Copy of the Regulations and Instructions of the 16th Julf 1686, respecting an Allowance of Table Money for the Captains of the Navy.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Foreign to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 1 ren* Second, intituled, "An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her " late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing Foreign " Protestants, which relates to the Children of the " natural born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of " Great Britain," to the Children of such Children, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed-to prepare Militia, an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1773.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles -worth, Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Highways. Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Baeon, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee ^re to have Voices.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, put- Estimate* suant to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an F.ftimate of the Charge thereof,

for the Year 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of Hi's Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1773-

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1773.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 34.

ESTIMATE

124

12° Febru

A. 1773.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for 365 Days, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773, inclusive -

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse -For the Annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10. per Amum each -For 52 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Dim each -

Per Diem.

c

304 9 2

178

1 10 4

For 365 Days.

£ s. J.

111,127 IO

504 18 4

90-----

553 11 8

Total - - - £.112,275 15 10

War Office, 12th February 1773.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1773,

Allowances to the Widows for the Year 1773

War Office, 12 February 1773.

Barrington*

ESTIMATE

0

125

13 Geo. III. 12°

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll for the Year 1773.

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirlin, by Drummond in Lennox to Dunbarton, 92 Days; consisting of 2 Subaltern Officers at 3 Shillings per Day each, 2 Serjeants at 1 Shilling, 2 Corporals at 8 d. each, 2 Drummers and 50 private Men at 6 d. each - *

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Charges -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort to Bernera, and the Isle of Skey-,

consisting of 2 Subaltern Officers, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Private, for 92 Days, at the aforesaid Rates - -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Charges -

To a Party to work from Fort William, over Black , to Stirling, from

to Inver ary, and from Dalnalie to Brandon-, consisting of 2 Subalterns, 4 Serjeants,

4 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 100 private Men, at the aforesaid Rates Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlomonjide, to Tar belt and Inver ary, and through Glenfallatk and Glenfruen to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount Road-, consisting of 1 Subaltern Officer, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 private Men, at said Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Ac. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort George, through Straths Fey, to Corgarff Castle, Braermar Castle, and to Blairgowrie and Cupper in Angus; consisting of 2 Subaltern Officers, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, - -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Cam Mount to Stratlibogie; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at the aforesaid Rates Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To a Party to work from Strathbogie to Ab, over the Ben Mountains -, consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at the said Rates Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To a Party to work from Fochabers, on S to Strathbogie: consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at said Rates -

Extraordinrry Charges of Artificers, Carts, -

To a Party, consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 private Men, to work from Canton to Follow, in- Ross Shire, at said Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Ac. -

To a Party, consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, from Blair to Dalnacardock, at the said Rates -

Extraordinary Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Ac. -

To the New Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port Patrick ——

To the Bridge over the River DoeVeran, at Banff -

To repair the Bridge over the Water of Aray, carried away by a Flood in October

la ft ----- -....

To the Bridge over the Ampryer, near Stirling -

To Three final! Bridges on the Line of Road from Dunkeld to Blair in At hole To Three small Bridges on the Road from Stirling to Dunbarton -To the Bridge over the River of Leven ——

To rebuild a small Bridge carried away by the Floods in October last, in Glenorchie To rebuild a Bridge upon the Stirling and near Ardock, carried away by the late extraordinary Floods ——

To repair the Bridge at the Head of Lochjine and Garron Bridge -To rebuild Four small Bridges carried away by the Floods in November last, upon the Black Mount Road ——

To repair Bridges from Dunbarton to Tarbett -

To rebuild Three Fmall Bridges upon the Bramer Road, carried away in November

last.....-----

To repair sundry Bridges upon the Road from Stirling to Inverness -To Ensign M‘ Corkell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. Leod, for overseeing the Works, and attending the Parties, 92 Days each, at 5 Shillings per Day

£ S' d.

162 10 8

108 — —

162 10 8

*34 5 —

292 *7 4

249 10

100 8 8

86 *5 9

162 10 8

*25 4 6

79 14 8

53 16 — 1

79 H 8

53 16 —

70 10 8

49 l5 \ 3

72 16 8

49 *5 3

70 10 8

53 16 —

2,000.----

717-----

500 — —

140----

240 15 10

193 4 ~

180 10 8

*5 *5, "

45 *0 4

38 15 o

*49 5 4

125----

24 5 5* 6

92-----

Total

£.6,998 10 9

War Office, 12 February 1773.

Barrington.

Vol. 34.

Kk

Ordered,

i2 6 12° Febfuarii. A. 1773-

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

St Vincent’s. The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Extra# of a Letter from Governor to

the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, 18th 1772, received 19th A And also, N° 2. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, 23d June 1772: received 19 th August; And also,

N° 3. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, the 5th July 1772 j received 25th August: And also,

N° 4. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Young, Baronet, to the Earl of dated Saint Vin-

cent, 28 th July 1772; received 13th October: And also,

N° 5. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, 30th July 17725 received 21st September: And also,

N° 6. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Earl of Hillsborough, d'ated Saint Vincent, 12th September 1772; received 7th And also,

N° 7. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Dalrymple to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, 3d October 1772; received 7th December: And also,

N° 8. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Leyborne to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Saint Vincent, 9th October 1771, received 7th Decem. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration when the Papers presented to the House by the Lord Barrington and Mr. Knox, upon the 23d Day of December and 25th Day of January last j and by Mr. Cooper upon the 10th Day of this Instant February, are ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bon fall Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac-

Inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby: And the same was ^received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Church Lord John Cavendish presented to the House ac-Broughton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

St. Vincent’s. The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Papers presented to the House by the Lord Barrington and Mr. Knox, Mr. Cooper, and the Lord North, relative to the Island of Saint Vincent.

And several other of the said Papers were read; and several other Persons who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were examined in relation thereto.

And Mr. William Hewitt, one of the Persons who was ordered to attend the House this Day, not attending; the Messenger, to whom the Order of Yesterday was delivered, being called upon to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that he went, to the House of the said Mr. Hewitt, where he was informed, that he was gone to Bath.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. William Hewitt, one of the Commissioners for Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative,

And several Members, in their Places, were examined in relation to the Matter under Consideration.

Then another of the Persons, who was ordered to attend the House this Day, was also examined.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken info further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who wefe ordered to attend the House this Day (except Lieutenant Colonel Gore, Lieutenant Colonel Fletcher, Captain Farquhar, Captain Ross, and Charles Payne Sharpe,

Esquire) do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Robert Adair, Esquire, 'do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Campbell, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His St.Vinceflt'*. Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to the Lords of the Admiralty, Whitehall, 27th -1 ber 1772: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Lord Viscount Barrington, Whitehall, 27 th 1772: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Governor Leyborne, Whitehall, 27th September 1772; separate: And also,

N° 4. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Governor Leyborne, dated 27th September 1772: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Rochford to Sir Ralph Payne, Governor of the Leeward Islands, dated Whitehall, October ill 1772: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Rochford to Major General Dalrymple, dated Whitehall, 1 ft October 1772.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, when the several other Papers presented to the House relative to the Island of Saint Vincent are ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order, made upon the 3d Day of this In- Protestant stant February, for the House to resolve itself into a Subjects. Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider of the Motion, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

13 Geo. III.

Navy

Captains.

Leeds & Selby Canal.

Absence.

Farnborough

Roads.

Bone Lace Manufactory,

150 Februarii.

Luna, 15® die Februarii;

Anno 13° Georgii IIIm Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House,

That their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Selby,

Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wet her by, Aldborough, Be-dall, Richmond, Northallerton, Malton, Otley,

Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere in the County of York, is referred, be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Anderson have Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, upon his private Affairs.

Sir Charles Farnaby reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of " Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of " Sevenoaks, in the said County," was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A'Ct was read: And

Mr. Thomas Horton, Treasurer to the Trustees ap>-pointed by the said Act, being examined, said. That the Sum of £.2,300 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Act, and is (till owing; which Sum, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; but that the same cannot be kept in good Repair, and the said Debt paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the said County: And that Sir Charles Farnaby, Sir Brook Bridges, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Dealers in Thread and Silk Bone Lace, manufactured in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Northampton, Hertford, and several other Counties within this Kingdom; and all'o, the Petition of several Persons employed in the Manufacture of Bone Lace, were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Vol. 34.

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the First-mentioned Petition is as follows:

It appeared to your Committee, by the Examination of Mr. Daniel Giberne, That many thousand Families are employed in the Manufacture of Lace, in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Northampton, Hertford, and the adjacent Counties, but that of late the said Manufacture has greatly decayed.

That the Persons chiefly employed in the said Manufacture are Women and Children, and some very old and infirm Persons; that some Persons of Eighty Years of Age earn from 4 d.to 6 d.per Day; and that some Persons earn from 8 d.to 1 s. per Day in the said Manufacture; and that Children of Four Years old are employed.

That, notwithstanding the re may be more Persons employed in the said Manufacture now, than were Three Years ago, yet the Trade in general is gone to Decay, and many of the Workers have been lately paid off.

That the Witness imputes this Decline to the clandestine Importation of low-priced Lace; and thinks, that if Foreign Lace, under Ten Shillings a Yard, was prohibited, it would be a Means of restoring the Manufacture to this Country', as a Preference is given to French Lace, and Retailers refuse to buy English.

That, notwithstanding the Number of Workers may be as great now as formerly, yet the Manufacture is much decayed, as the Persons employing them have great Quantities of Goods upon their Hands, for which they want a Vent; and that they are not able to employ the Number of Workers that call for Work; that this Evil has been increasing these Three Years; and that, if some immediate Remedy is not granted, great Numbers of Workmen must be discharged.

That the chief Markets for these Goods, are the Home Markets, Ireland, and America.

That the Demand from America has decreased, but that the Stagnation of the Trade is not entirely owing to that, as the Home Consumption and Exportation to Ireland are also much diminished.

That it is impossible to say exactly what Number of Workers are out of Employment, but supposes about

30,000; and that their Employers are discharging them every Day.

It appeared to Your Committee, from the Evidence of Mr. James Pilgrim, a Wholesale Manufacturer, who keeps a Warehouse in Budge Row, London, That the Number of Workers in Lace, in the Counties before mentioned, are increased within the last Three Years, but that the Sale is much lessened within that Time, especially within the last Two Years, which he imputes in a great Measure to the clandestine Importation of low-priced Foreign Lace.

That there is a greater Quantity of Foreign Lace now fold in London than was Two or Three Years ago; and that it is evident such Lace is clandestinely imported, as a great Part of it is fold for much less than the Duty.

That many Workers in Lace are at present unemployed; that the Witness himself employed near 2,000 Workers Two or Three Years ago, and at present about Fourteen or Fifteen hundred; that he must discharge many more, unless some Redress be given; and that there is hardly one Manufacturer who has not discharged many of his Workers.

That he has a greater Quantity of Lace now on his Hands than he used to have; and that he must either-discharge the greatest Number of his Workers, or have a still greater Quantity on his Hands.

That, upon the whole, he apprehends the Manufacture is decreased One Third, notwithstanding the Manufacture may have extended to more Places than formerly, and the Number of Workers may have increased.

That the Witness thinks he can distinguish English

from

ia8 150 Febrmrii. 1773.

from Foreign Lace j that there are great Quantities of Foreign Lace in the Shops of London, which is fold for much less than the Duty; and that he can now purchase many thousand Yards of such Lace.

That Persons refuse buying Lace, and say,

they can buy Foreign cheaper, which could not be the same if the Duties were paid; and that, for supporting himself and Family, he has been obliged to buy low-priced Foreign Lace to accommodate his Customers; but never did this unless when driven thereto from Necessity.

That he thinks, in Laces of equal Goodness, the Foreign is about One Third cheaper, and that is the Reason why it is preferred to the English.

The Witness being asked, If a Duty, ad might not be laid on Foreign Lace, or taking off the Duty upon the Thread of which Lace is made; or some other Means (besides prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Lace) might not be thought of, to give the English Lace a Preference at Market ? He said, he could not suggest any other Remedy, but a total Prohibition of all Foreign low-priced Laces, under a certain Price, which would be more effectual than the present high Duty, which seems to amount to a Prohibition, be-eause they would then be seizable, which at present they are not.

That Foreign Goods are easily distinguishable from English, and he apprehends the general run of his Customers are capable of making the Distinction.

That he is of Opinion, a Prohibition will not increase the Price of the English Goods, as there is such an Encrease of Workers; and a greater Quantity of Lace being brought to Market, would lower the Price.

That a much less Quantity of Lace was exported to Ireland within the Two last Years than formerly, which he imputes to their being supplied with Foreign Lace; for though there is a Manufacture of that Kind set up in that Kingdom, it is too trifling to be looked upon as the Cause; and he thinks taking off the Duty on English Lace, imported into Ireland, would have little Effect, unless the Foreign was prohibited.

That he apprehends, if an effectual Stop could be put to the Importation of Foreign Lace, there would be a Consumption sufficient to support our Home Manufacture in its full Extent, provided the Trade to Ireland and America was secured; and that considerable Quantities have been sent to , but not so much

now as formerly.

Mr. ... Gurdon informed your Committee, That he

has exported all Sorts of Lace to Ireland, but does not now export One Third of what he formerly has done: — That the Manufacture established there, and the Duty paid there, may have had some Effect; but he imputes this Decay of his Trade chiefly to their being supplied cheaper from Abroad, though he thinks taking off that Duty would certainly be a considerable Encouragement to the EngliOi Manufacture.

The Wit nets then gave an Instance of a considerable Customer of his own for the Irish Market, who is now gone to Flanders to purchase Lace, because he can be supplied there cheaper than the Witness can afford it.

Mr. Daniel Giberne, being again examined, was asked. If he thought he could lately distinguish, upon Oath, Foreign Lace from English ? He said, He thought the London Dealers might, but that the Country Dealers in general could not.

And all the Witnesses agreed. That the only effectual Method of giving Relief to the Trade, would be by a total Prohibition of the Wear of Foreign low-priced Lace, and laying the Proof where the Goods were manufactured, upon the Retailer or Vender thereof.

Mr. William Curry (a Laceman) being asked. What Effect such a Prohibition would have ? answered, That he apprehended it would be of great Use, provided the Proof was laid upon the Vender, and some 9

proper Penalties inflicted on Mailers of Ships who receive Lace on Board for Exportation, and afterwards re-land it.

Mr. 'Thompson Pater (a Laceman at Newport Pagnell)

being examined as to the Decline of the Manufacture, said, That his chief Dealing is to London, and that he used to trade for £.3,000 per Annum, more than he has done for the last Three Years: That he had just settled an Account with a Customer, who used to deal with him for £. 500 a Year, and the last Year’s Account amounted to no more than Twelve Guineas.

That more Foreign Lace than English has beeh fold in England within Two Years last past; which he imputes to its being fold cheaper,

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the Second-mentioned Petition is as follows:

Mr. Daniel Giberne, informed Your Committee, That the Manufacture of Bone Lace labours under many Difficulties, for want of proper Regulations: That the Working Lacemakers now receive Patterns and a Parchment from their Employers gratis, and the Thread intrusted to them becomes a Book Debt; that the Workers, on bringing Lace home, are frequently deficient in Measure, and will not lubniit to allow for the fame, but will carry the Lace to another Lace Buyer, who will purchase it, notwithstanding the Deficiency of the Measure, by which he obtains the Benefit of a good Pattern, at the trifling Expence of such Deficiency. '

That Lace Workers seldom or ever return to pay for the Thread intrusted to them; and it has become a frequent Practice for them to suffer a Copy to be taken from Patterns in their Custody, to the great Prejudice of the Inventor: — That the Value of a Pattern may be estimated from One Shilling to a Guinea; and the Witness apprehends, if this Practice was prevented, it would be a great Encouragement both to the Employer and Worker.

That Lace Workers are often imposed on by having Goods forced on them in Payment, by their Employers, instead of Money, which, if prevented, would be an Encouragement to Industry.

That it is customary for Pattern-makers and Prickers of Parchment to sell the same Pattern to different Persons, to the great Detriment of the Trade in general; and it is also customary for People to frequent the Dwellings of Lace Workers, and offer Money for Goods not manufacturing for them; and the Witness said, if those Practices were prevented, the Manufacture would be greatly benefitted.

Mr. . Gurdon and Mr. . Jennings confirmed the Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bil for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Upton, mon Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the Inclosure. County of Oxjord, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- King’s cording to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving Defph certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Drainage. Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcelt Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Hunting-dim: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Hardirgftone whom the Petition of Heveral Trustees appointed by Roads.

an

Boorton

Inclafure.

Montgomery, 4c. Road i.

Henford-

bridgehill

Road.

i 3 Geo. III. 150

129

an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Hispfefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way in the Parish of tngfton, in the County of Northampton, to Odd Stratford* in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at' the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And i

Mr. Christopher Smith, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed 2,700 on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the said Roads. i:

That, by' a Clause contained in the said Act, the Trustees are restrained from erecting Turnpikes on particular Parts of the Roads, whereby the Money col-' Jested is not sufficient to keep the same in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Moriey borrowed: and unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the lolls varied, and the said Clause repealed, the said Roads will again become in a ruinous Condition, and the Creditors lose the Money they have advanced on the Credit of the said Act.

Sir William Wake, being examined, confirmed the

above Evidence; and added, that some other-Amendments and Alterations, are necessary to be made to the said Act. 5

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County: And that Sir

William Dolben and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms-and Powers of Three Shipftcm Acts, passed in the Third,.Seventeenth,-and Thirtieth Road* Yefers of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring Georgette Second, for repairing the Road leading from , a Gate, called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Barish

of Old Stratford, in the county of ! through

Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill; in the said County of; .-.

and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through.

a Lane- called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chiping Campden, to a Place called AndovePi Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as fa/as the fame) relate to the said fifft-mentioned Road, was read a Second Time.

Rejohred, That the Bill-be committed to-Mr; Skip-

with, Mr. Whitworth, -&c.: And they are -to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, it) thq Speaker’s Chamber. ' ;> -- .

‘ '

A Bill to enable.thd Rector of Saint Martin, in St. Martin’s mingham, to grant Leafts of certain Parts of the Glebe (Birming-Lands' belonging to the said. Rectory, was raid a T Second Time. ng.

Refalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Lowndes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of ‘ the Clock, in< the Speaker's Chamber. .

T - "* '

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; within the Town and Parish of snullDebts.

la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and several Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, near the said Town, in the Counties , of Leicester and Derby, was read a Second Trine.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendtjh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Southwell See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop-, for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the Welsh Gate; in and the.

Towns of Pool and Oswestry-, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Ryder, Sec.And they are 10 meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cromwell

lodolure.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, Upwell, 4c. passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Dmnage-late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands,

" within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and " well, and in the Parishes of Denver and in

" the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and " Norfolk," so far as the same relates to the Lands

lying on the South Side of Popkam'i Eau, wais read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Aftley, Mr. De Grey, Sec.: And they are to-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordoridgeto the Town of Baftngfioke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge-hill aforesaid to the Town of in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Saint John, Mr. Loivndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 34.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter, Sir George Yonge, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exeter Small Debts.

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Newa k, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Nezvark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to L 1 join

ijd 150 Februarii:

Join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincolnat the Guide Post, on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bail India The House being informed that Mr. MichelL, from ' the United Company of Merchants of Engtrading

relented. t[,c gqft Indies,1 attended at the Door, he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, '

N° 1. Copy of the Minute of Colonel Richard Smith, dated the 1.6th; May 1768, relative to the Fortifications of Fort William: And also,

i~ Copy of the Letter of Chief Engineer Captain Martin, to the Governor and Council of Fort dated the 7th June 1768: And also,

3. Copy of the Consultations of the Governor and Council of Fort William, of the 7th June 1768, so far as the same relate to the Chief Engineer, the Fortifica-

tions,' the Opinion of the PrefiHent and Council, or of

the Commander in Chief of the Forces in Bengali And also,

4. Copies of the Chief Engineer’s of the 13 th June, Colodel Smith’s.Minute of the same Date, with the Proceedings of Council of that Day, so far as the fame relate to the Fortifications: And also,

5. Copy of the Secretary of the Council’s Letter of

the 13th June to the Chief Engineer, together wish the Consultations of the 4th July, the iBth and 20th of the same Month, relative to the Fortifications: And also.

6. Copies of the Letters of Majors Watson and Polier

to the President and Council of Fort William, with the Letter of the Chief Engineer off the 4th of July, entered in Consultation of the same Month. .1

Together with a List of the said Papers. o

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserv.ed amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wrotham, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two n Acts for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak on

04 s* Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, Nightly upon the 14th Day of , in the last Session of Par-and liatnent, Were reported from the Committee who were Beadles. appointed to enquire into the State of the Nightly Watch within the City and Liberty of; and

to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth, Wz.

Resolved, That the present Mode of Watching " and Pay of the Watchmen, within the City and Li- berty of Westmittfta, is very irregular and various, and

" ought to be put under proper Regulations.

" Refolded, That it would tend to the Safety of the " Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, if a regu-, u lar and uniform Watch, with Patroles, was established,

44 under proper Regulations.

u Resolved, That it will be necessary to levy a’Rate

" upon the Inhabitants,- to answer the above Purposes.

" Resolved, That, in levying the said Rate, the Two " Parishes of Saint George Bloomsbury, and Saint Giles " in the Fields, ought to be considered as One Parish,

" in like Manner as they are in the Collection of Proo " and Church Rates.

" Resolved, That Constables of the Night should be " appointed, who, as well as the Beadles, Watchmen,

" and Pat role Men, should be under the Directions of " proper Persons in each Parish, to be called " of the Watch."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the'Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of and

Parts adjacent, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned r And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Hawke,

Mr. Brett, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Law* what Lavys are expired, or near expiring; and to report Expired, their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to &c* be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Ballard Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Children.

21 ft Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled. " An Act to prevent the Destroying and Mur-i " dering of Bastard Children," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into ra Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Cri- Criminal minal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, La#*, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, Gai, es or Common, called Gailes Moor, in the Township *nco<"re’ and Manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Lockhart’, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Sheffield Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Assay Office. Artificers in Silver Plate, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

A Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Whitgreave Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Indoiore. monable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth,

13 Geo. III. 15° Februarii.

131

worth, Sir Charles Whitwor&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Absence. Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, upon his private Affairs.

Toyntons Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-ladofure. cordir»g to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Wide Grounds, within the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of All Saints, and Toynton Saint 1, in the County of

Lincoln: And the same was, received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be jead a Second Time,

Brinkhill A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Failure, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brink-hill, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Armihorpe Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest fa Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon the First Day of this instant February, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve kself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

efolved. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

t.Vincent’s. The House proceeded to take into further Conlide-

ration the Papers presented to the House, by the Lord Barrington and Mr. Knox, Mr. Cooper, and the Lord North, relative to the Island of St. Vincent.

And the Papers, presented to the House by the Lord North upon Friday last, were read.

And one of the Persons, who was ordered to attend the House this Day, was examined.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Expedition against the Charibbs, in the

Island of Saint Vincent, was undertaken without sufficient Provocation on the Part of those unhappy People, and at the Instigation of Persons interested in their Destruction, and appears to be intended to end in the total Extirpation of the said

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Vol. 34.

{Mr. Thomas Townshend, 1 Junior, > 88.

Lord Folkestone: J

Tellers for the Noes, Cooper: }2°6

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the fending the Troops, Part of which were totally unprovided with Camp Equipage and Necessaries, on that Service, in the unhealthy Season of the Year, is not jullified by any Necessity of immediately increasing the Military Force in the Island, was contrary to the Advice of the Governor, and mull prove unnecessarily destrudive to some of the bed Troops in His Majesty’s ' . Service, and probably defeat the Purpose for which they were sent, and bring Disgrace upon His Majesty’s Arms;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for She Yras.{«-"- } 78.

Tellers for «he Noes, } .»

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, desiring that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to acquaint this House, by whose Advice the Measure was undertaken, of attacking the Charibbs in the Island of Saint Vincent: and of fending the Troops for that Purpose in the most unhealthy Season of the Year; a Measure equally repugnant to the known Humanity of His Majesty’s Temper, disgraceful to His Majesty’s Arms, and dishonourable to the Character of the British Nation;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins have Leave to make a Absence, Motion, it being a Quarter of an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Luther have Leave to flay in the Country for Three Months, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. George Forester have Leave to flay d» in the Country, on Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Mo- Foreigner* tion. Shipowner*

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, to consider of proper Me-1 thods of preventing the Evils arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Asia, Africa, and America, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

170 Februarii. 177.3*.

Mercuriiy IJ* dig Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii III4* Regis, 1773.

RAYEftSi '

ft TEPHEN Beuteville tpok the Oaths appointed* iA

order to his Naturalization*

tornborough Sir Charles Farnaby presented to the House, accord-Road. ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-iecond Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of rough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Hills in the Parish of in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter, kc. Sir) George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Petition of the acting Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An ,c Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, " fof amending several Roads, leading from the City " of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several " othpr Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding " or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues " leading thereto more commodious; and for building " a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Counters " Wear, in the County of Devon," and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Exeter, and the Cotmtry adjacent, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*, j

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Adam Pierce, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said,.That the Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, proceeded to widen and repair the several . Roads therein mentioned.

Mr. William Langford, being examined, said. That a considerable.Sum of Money had been expended in repairing the said Roads; but by lleafon of the great Extent, being near 130 Miles, and the Difficulty and great Expence in procuring Materials in several Parts thereof, and by an accurate Survey lately taken, the same cannot be completed without the further Sum of

£-3*000-

That the Trustees have proceeded to ered a new Bridge over the River Exe, and have expended thereon £. 7,000, and are under Contract to the Amount of £. 3,000 more, which will amount to the Sum origi- nally granted > And,

Mr. Robert Stribbling, Surveyor of the Bridge, being examined, said. That the Trustees have begun to build new Bridge, and have laid out and contijaded for Works relating thereto, to the Amount of £. 10,000: - — That the new Works are excessively bad, the Water having worked Four Feet under the Foundation of -one of the Abutments, which must be taken down; and the Stone made use of is improper for such Works; — That by many unforeseen Obstructions, met with in the Execution of the above Work, they find it will be impossible to finish the same for the Sum allowed to be expended thereon; and that it will be necessary to take down tome Houses, for making the Avenues commodious thereto; which, together with the Sum wanted to

complete the Bridge, will, amount to £. 7,000 more than* originally granted for that Purport.

Mr. William Langford, being again examined, said,

That the Trustees have begun to build a Bridge at Countess Wear, and to amend the Roads leading thereto, and have expended and contracted for the Sum of £.2,610, but find that the further Sum of will be necessary for completing the fame.

Mr. Adam Pierce, being again examined; said. That it would be proper to incorporate the Road leading from the Oxford Inn to Howell s House, with the other Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts for repairing the other Roads, £.300 having been laid out in amending the said Road, which is now owing, and there is no Means of repaying the fame, as no Turif-pike can be erected on that Road, which is still bad, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. William Langford, being again examined, said,

That the Tolls already granted are insufficient, and further Powers are necessary.

To prove the Allegations of the secondrmentioned Petition, Mr. Stribbling, being again examined, informed your Committee, That the Road branching off from the Turnpike Road, leading from Cullumpton to the City of Exeter, at a Place called The Crab Tree Alehouse, in the Pajiih of Broad Clift, which, at the Dif-’tance of Two Miles, meets the Turnpike Road ending at Withbridge, and leading to Exeter, is the most accustomed Road from Tiverton and other trading Towns to and Exeter, and the tnoft convenient Road for Carriages, on Account of the great Steepness of Stoke Hill; but is very ruinous and narrow, and cannot be amended and kept' in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence; and added, lliat the Parish of Broad Clift expended £. 100 in amending the said. Road last Year, but that the Road is no better, and is in many Places very nar- ' row.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River -Exe, at or near Countess Wear -, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned: And that Sir George Yonge and Mr. John Walter do prepare, and bring in, the fame

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Snaith and whom, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cowick Comrrion Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Town- *nc'0<"re‘ ships of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 144 Acres One Rood 20 Perches, of Lands intended to be inclosed, who refused to sign the Bill, but all said they would not oppose, excepting Thomas Thornton, who said, if he could get anybody to join him, he would oppose it; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain 1,159 Acres One Rood and 10 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direCVed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

t

Armthorpe

Inclosure.

Lord Clare’s, &c.

Qualification.

Irchester

Inclosure.

13 Geo. III.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of , was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, Captain Jenkinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Ambrose Dickens and Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, Esquires, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of tVellingboi ough, in the said County, a certain

Piece of Meadow Ground, within the said Parish of Wellingborough, was allotted to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Irchester, in lieu of their Right of Common on certain Lands to be inclosed by virtue of the said Act; and in pursuance of another Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for inclosing certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the said County, another Piece or Parcel of Land was allotted to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Irchester, to be held by them in lieu of their Right of Common upon certain Parts of the Lands to be inclosed by virtue of the said Act; which said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land were to be held in Common, and have ever since been so held, by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Irchester; and that, by the Bill now depending, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, Doubts may arile, whether the Commissioners to be thereby appointed have Power to direct the inclosing and allotting the said Two Pieces of Land amongst the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in l'uch Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition Be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for dividing and allotting the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Vox,. 34.

133

Sir John Hynde Cotton presente4 to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Brickdale,: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk " and Norfolk, between Milde River South, " Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the West " by the River Ouse, and on the East by Wither Load,

" Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford " Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the - " Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands," lb far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First District described in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, S.r Sampson Gideon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for Hocking, feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge} and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands lying in the Open Fields of Chatteris aforesaid, to fence the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common, within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Wrrcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Brett, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Waste Lands, called Hadfor Common, in the County of Warcester, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land of the Value of £.4 Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Value of £. 644 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a M m Second

170 Februarii.

Tid St Giles, See. Inclosure.

Beuzeville'*

Nat.

Mildenhall (ill District) Drainage,

Chatteris Open Fields,

Churchill

Inclosure,

Hadfor

Common

Inclosure,

'Stonrbridgt

Roads*

Arkendale

Inclosure.

fcurftwick

inclosure*

Harpham

Inclosure.

Maugati

forrh, &c. Canal*

Admiralty

Papers

jirefentcc?.

154 if Februarii. 'in-

Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ifigfofled.

Mr. Doxvdefwellpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and lowers of in Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in S, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester,

Salop, and Warwick, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waites, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hotham, Mr. Sloatie, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thompson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town and 'Territories of Burfnvick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum Burjlwick, in Holderuefs, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was4 received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Thompfonpresented to the'House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields,' Parcels of Meadow or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Township of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County . of Yolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and continuing a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Maugan Forth, through the several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Colimib Major, Little Colon, and Saint Coly.n\bMinor, to Lower Saint Forth, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. 'Bu/ler, from the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Cape Appolonia; dated-14th March 1772: And also,

2. State and Condition of Dixcove; 14th March 1772: And also,

State and Condition of; March

1772: And also,

4. State and Condition of; 18th

March 1772: And also,

7. State and Condition of Cape March

1772: And also,

6. State and Condition of 27th

March 1772: And also,

' 7. State and Condition of Fort-,

March 1772: Anti also,

8. State and Condition of Fort; March

1772: And also,

9. State and Condition of fames Fort, Accra, and

- - Prampram-,29th March 1772.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’ The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Company or Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London, in Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the establishing an Assay-Office in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, for trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate; and that another Petition has been 41fo presented to the House, for extending the like Provisions to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick -, and alledging, that the Power of trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of Gdld and Silver Plate, is a very great and important Trust, and ought to be committed to such Persons, and in such Places, only, where the same is likely to be executed and discharged with the greatest Care and Fidelity; and that the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London, whose Affairs are governed by the Petitioners, are, and have been, a Guild, or Corporation, Time put of Mind, for the searching, assaying, supervising, marking, and regulating. Wrought Plate, in order to ascertain the Standard thereof; and that the Standard Pieces, appointed for Trial of the Gold and Silver Monies and Wrought Plate of this Realm, have from Time to Time been made, and the Gold and Silver Monies of this Realm, have from Time to Time been tried and compared therewith, by a Jury of the said Company, returned for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners and their Predecessors have hitherto executed and discharged the said Trails with the utmost Care and Fidelity; and that neither of the said Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham are Towns Corporate, nor have any Company of Goldsmiths; and that there are very few real Gold-smiths, Silversmiths, or Plateworkers, in either of those Town -; and therefore the Petitioners apprehend, that, if an Assay-Office was established in the said Towns, pr either of them, for trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate, the Standards appointed for the Wrought Plate of this Kingdom will not be carefully observed, and various Frauds and Deceits, in the manufacturing of Gold and Silver Wares, will be commit id in the said Towns: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by them-lelves, or their Counsel, against the said Petitions, and also against any Bill or Bills for establishing an Assay-Office in the said Towns, or either of them; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plate-workers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that such an Establishment in those Places might open a Door to Deceit and Uncertainty, in respect to the Standards of Gold and Silver Plate, and tend to destroy that Credit and Reputation which the Goldsmiths Manufactory in these Kingdoms has justly acquired, and consequently impair the Trade of this Metropolis, diminish His Majesty’s Revenue, and sensibly affect the Honour and Riches of the Kingdom in general; and that the Manufactory of such Plate is now carried on in the City of London, in all its Variety of useful -and curious Branches, in much greater Perfection than in any other Place in these Kingdoms, and te an Extent sufficient to supply the greatest Demands; and that the Office of assaying and marking such Plate being performed by Persons appointed by the Company of Goldsmiths of the City of London for that Purpose only, and totally unconcerned in the Manufactory thereof, renders it impossible for any Fraud or Debasement of the Standard of Gold and Silver Plate to be committed; and that, in the Towns and Neighbourhood of

Shefcld,

Sec.

Assay-Office.

13 Geo. III. 170 FebruariL 5

Sheffield and Birmingham, there are few Peribhs at all con-veriant with, or /killed in, the Gold or Silver Plate Manufactory; and that the whole Lift of Names subscribed to the said Petitions affords only a few of that Number, the rest being of very different Trades or Occupations; and the Business of those few is confined to some of the least important Branches of the said Manufactory; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the granting such an Establishment will ruin the Goldsmiths Trade in this Kingdom; and that the necessary Expence of an Assay-Office and Officers, at Sheffield and , would render the Charge of assaying Plate at such Office equivalent to the present Charge of assaying the same at London, added to the Expences of Carriage and Agency; and that the regular, daily, and safe. Conveyances, established between London and the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, sufficiently remove every Ground of Complaint; and that, if the Goldsmiths Manufactory in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham should be encreased, that of London must suffer a proportionable Decrease: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, agaii.ft the said Petitions, and that no such Bill as prayed for may pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee* to whom the Petition of several of the Artificers in Silver Plate, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before tlte said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instiuftion to the said Committee,’That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petitions, against the Petitions now presented.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Leeds: '

Mr. Speaker,

Bkfingtou’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for WiU. making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of William Earl of , in the Kingdom of

Ireland, deceased. Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thi House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Gravesend, Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do make the Report Pav!n<- from t*ie Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, *vln£- deanfing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of and for lighting the other Streets, and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes, was committed.

Mr. Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That no Person appeared in Behalf of the Petition of the Landholders, Farmers, and' Occupiers, of the several Eftafcs, situate within the Parishes of; ' Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, which are. without such Parts of the fevofal Streets called High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the said Parishes proposed to be paved, cleanled, and lighted, under an; Act to be obtained for that Purpose, referred to their Consideration; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie-read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once'read throughout-, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Vol. 34,

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are BirmlngltaBl thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for execu- Pam#‘ ting an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for laying open and :widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham, and for deanfing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Application has been made to amend the said Act; and alledging. That it would be convenient and advantageous to the said Town, if Power was given to make further and other Openings in some of the Streets and Places; and to appoint a regular Nightly Watch; and to regulate and govern Carters and Carmen employed in the'.laid Town J and to fix the Rates of Carriage: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for the above-mentioned Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Ash, M. D. William John Banner, Sa

bdurn, Thomas Bingham, Samuel Baker, Francis,

Thomas Careless, John Cope, John , John . Ford,

Samuel Galton, Richard Goolden, Samuel , James

Jackson, John Kettle, Sampson Lloyd, Senior,

Lloyd, Junior, Michael Laken, Thomas Lutwyche, Thomas Lawrence, William May, ..Benjamin John

Moody, John Ryland, Thomas RuJJel, Richard Rabone,

Joseph Smith, John Taylor, Esquire, John Turner, Senior,

Joseph Wilkinson, William Welsh,'. Elias Wallin-, Joseph Webster, Thomas Westley, being Thirty-four of the Commissioners named in, or acting under, the Act. of Parliament therein-after mentioned, and of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being fom© of the principal Inhabitants of.'the Town of Biminghami in the County of Warwick, is referred I And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame', as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Highway*.; the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the public Highways of this Kingdom, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Earl of to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet was referred; That the Committee had " examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followctfi;

.To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Chippendale, being examined, said. That a considerable Part of -the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, is completed, and particularly such Part as lies between Skipton and Shipley, in the County of York:

That the Land Owners and Inhabitants, at and near Leeds, Bradford, Bingley, Keighley, Silfden. and other Places contiguous to the said Canal, have Occasion for large Quantities of Lime and Limcftone, and are frequently in great Want thereof.

That the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet is possessed of certain Lands and Premises, lying near-

Skipton

Church

Broughton

Inclosur*.

Poor —

Annuities for Life.

Supply.

Estimatcs

referred.

136 170 — 180

Skipton Cape, in which are great Plenty of Limestone Rocks and Quarries; and that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from the same to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, to comrtiunicate therewith, in a certain Close in Skipton aforesaid, called The End Close, which

will open a short, easy, and commodious Communication from the said great Canal to the said Limestone Rocks, and render the Conveyance of Lime and Limestone to the Towns and Places aforesaid less expensive, and tend greatly to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, and be of general Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle in the County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Close called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York: And that Lord George Lord John Cavendish, and Sir Anthony Abdy, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George. Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House) to whom the Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions, was committed, be taken into further ConGderation upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half ray, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee. t Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Triday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4

Februarii. 1773.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Sefilpn of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772."

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, Westminster Hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and funamon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared j and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused; some upon Account of their own Illness, or of the Illnels of their near Relations; some as being Abroad; and others as having Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon this Day Fortnight.

The other Orders of the Day being rend;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vepnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church ot England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 18° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1773.

Praters.

A yC.R. Rofcaiven reported from the Committee, to 1VJL whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing within and near to the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, and of the Trustees named in, and acting under and by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 27th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and widening several

Roads

Exchequer Bills.

Can of the House.

Com and Provisions.

Protestant

Diiicncers.

T ruro, fice. Road.

i3 Geo. III. 18* Februarii. 137

"Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; and also, ’

An Act, passed in the 29th Year of his said late Majesty, for changing and altering Two several Roads, directed to be amended and widened by the said former Act; were read: And

Mr. William Starmer, being examined, said, That the Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Acts, proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money for that Purpose, and completed a Road of near 40 Miles; and paid off Part of the Money borrowed, and the Interest due thereon; but find, that the Roaids cannot be effectually repaired, and the Debt discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged.

That the Road leading from the Croft Road, which leads from Truste Church to Truro Quay, over a' River, ata Place called fie Steppings, and from thence to Mo-par, within the Parish or Clement'I, is in a ruinous

Condition, and frequently impassable, on Account of the Overflowing of the Tide; and that the! Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road, at Short Lane's End, to The Four Burrows, in the Parishes of Kenwyn, Perranzabuloe; arid Kea, being about a Mile and Haff in Length, is in many Places in a ruinous Condition; and that the said respective Roads cannot be sufficiently widened, altered, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

That it would be greatly for the'Safety and Advantage of all Persons travelling that Way, if a Bridge was built across the said River at The Steppings, which is the principal Entrance into the Eastern Part of the Borough of . Truro.

-..Ordered^ That Leave be given tt> bring in a Bill for continuing, the Terms, ind enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the 27 th and 29th Years of King George the Second, for amending and altering several Roads leading from the- Borough t>f-; and- also for amending and widening the Road from the lower Part of Coinage Hall Street, to a Place called The Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thence to Mopas, and from the Turnpike Road at Short Lane's End to the great Road leading from Perron Alms House to The Four Burrows, in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River at The Steppings aforesaid: And that Mr. Bofcawenand Sir John do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Rougemont Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde -reported firoih the (Devon) Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Courts

Courts of of Justice in the Castle of Rougemont, in the County of Julhce. Devon, and for building the said Courts in a more commodious Manner, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he jead the Report in his Place; and afterwords delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,. be ingrossed.

Hadfor - An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Inclosure. Waft? Lands, called Hadfor in the County of

W.orcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that, the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Waste Lands, called Hadfor\Common, in the County of Wor-

ceyter.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 34.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging, the Cheriu, Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the R&c’

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for 0J s* repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine, ter Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Mile Bur} rough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County was read a Second Time.

Resolveid, That the Bill be committed to Sir Turner, Mr. Fitzmaurice, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambef.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according t6 Hockwold Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Feri and Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the Draina*^61

Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called rainage-Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feliwell New District, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall, in Helgay, and Helgay, in the

Counties - of Norfolk- and Suffolk: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sit John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- North Level cording to Order, a- Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh raina8e* Yiear of the Reign -of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

" of the Company of Conservators of the-Great Level " of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a " Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln-,

" and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North " Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money, to

" discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the " Debts:of. the Laid Corporation; and for: ascertaining *f and appropriating the Taxes to be laid ort the said " North Levelj and for the more effectual draining and "preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands " adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cruivland," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second DistriEl in the said Act described: And the same was received j arid read the First Tim®-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according East Haddon to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon, in the County of Northampton .* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- East Keal mon Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Inclosure* Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are- to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. i

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, Bonsall or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within Inclosure. the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George

Cavendish, Lord John Cavendtfh,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Newcastle holders, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Hartington, under Line and of the (e venal Town ships and Villages of Chelmer- Roa

N n ton.

138 j\8v Fefcuarii. A. 1773.

re», Haddington, Flagg, Sheldon, Monyafh, vn&xAJhf<n% fclyes for the Enjoyment of the fciid Offices, was -comr

in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega-and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners' obferyei tions -of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Leave to bring in a Bill to, enlarge the Term and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign directed him to report to the House; and he read the of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Roads from Newcastle under Line to Hajjpp, and other with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford, the Amendments were Once read throughout? and and other Purposes; and alledging, that the Road then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the branching out of the Road between Middle Hills and Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Buxton, at a Place called Ladmanlow, to the Ashburne the House. ,;

Turnpike Road at Briery foot, is in many Places tumous, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually iflgjpfled*

amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordi- i ... 1 _ >

nary Course of Law; and that if, in Read of the intend- ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ed Branch from Green Lane to Cote Heath, tIre Powers of for- the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or any the said Act. vycre extended to the Road from Ladmanlow other, Crime, who Ihaft be acquitted or discharged by to Brieryfoot, it would be of much greater Utility tb the Proclamation, rpfpefting the Payment of Fees; and

Petitioners in particular, and to the County in general: g'v‘ng a Recompence for such Fees out of the County And therefore praying. That the Powers of the said Act Rates And that Mr. the Lord ffolke/iotie, Mrj

may be extended to the said Road {rom Ladmanlow to Mr. Morton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. FeUde, and Sir

Brieryfoot, instead of the Branch from Green Lane to, do’prepare, and ffting in, the lame.

Cote Heath, and all'o to the intended Branch from Lad-

manlow to Thatchmarsh and RavenfiowCoal Picts, tn such A Message froqi . the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the.House Mr. Leeds:

shall seem meet. *:,. Mr. Speaker,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referrdd to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition to enable certain Persons therein named, to continue to of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an work a Pestle Mill,.-heretofore employed and used in Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign, of His pre- making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and PariQl Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, without any " widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to HaJJbp, Amendment: And -also,

" and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in

" of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Bur- the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-"fiem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Shelton, Jesty>ioT repairing the Road from the Toll Gate, in the "in the County of Stafford," is referred: And that Panfll of lettering, in the County of Northampton, to they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and re- Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, without any

port the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Amendment.

House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Devon Mr. Parker reported from the Committee, to whom Poor; the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon," was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Devon, was referred,’ That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; %and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

filedngton’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Will. for making the Exemplication of the last Will and Testament of William Earl of Blefington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Clare’*, Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Qualification. Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable WelboreEllis, and Charles Jenkinfott, Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them-. 5

A Petition of the Innkeepers of the Borough of Pon-tefraEl, in the West Riditig of the County of York, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hard ships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And therefore praying the House, to alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such Manner as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and White, Gentleman, was presented to ’the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, several Commons and Wane Grounds, called Dunneleys Common, Colemore Green, Nordley Wood, otherwise Nordley Common, And Shirlett, containing about 1,500 Acres, situate in the Parishes of Act ley Abbotts, Round Acton, vil, and Willey, in the county of ; and that the Petitioners are foiled of several Freehold Estates in the said Manor and Parish of Aftley Abbots, and, in Right thereof, are entitled to a proportionable Part of 500 Acres of the Common and Waste Lands in the said Manor and Parish, and in the said Parish of Morvil, formerly allotted to the Freeholders and Owners of Lands in the said Manor and Parish of Aftley Abbotts, exclusive of their Right of Common in other Lands in the said Parishes of Aftley Abbotfs and Morvil-, and the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that

they

Discharyed

Prisoners

Fees*

Battel

Gunpowder

Mill.

Kettering

Road.

Pontefract

Inn-keeper*.

Aftley

Abbotts

Inclosure.

13; Geo. III. i$° — 19

’they may have such Relief therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill is brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the honourable Sir Thomas Knight of the Bath, Lord of the Manor in the County of Salop, and Patron of the Parish Church of AJlley Abbotts, being a Donative; of the Reverend Henry Whitmore, Clerk, Batchelor of Laws, Minister of the said Parish of AJlley Abbotts, Sir Richard Aston, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Round in the said

County, and Patron of the Parish Ohurch of Round ABon, and Impropriator and Owner of the Rectory and Tithes of Round AElon aforesaid, and alto Lord of the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Morvil, in the said County, and Lord of the Manor of Wenlocks Walton, Atterley, and Barrow, in the said County, and Impropriator and Owner of the Tithes of Walton,

and Atterley, aforesaid, Arthur Blaney, Eftjuire, Impropriator and Owner of the Hfeftory and Tithes of Mor-vil aforesaid, George Forester, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of the Marsh, in the said County of Salop, and Patron of the Parish Church of Willey, in the said County of Salop, the Reverend John Fayle, Clerk, Doctor of Divinity, lleftor of the said Parish of y Brooke Fo~ refer, Esquire, Thomas Stephens, Esquire, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parishes.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whOfai it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutiorts which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eleven thousand One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773.

Resolved, -That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred and Forty-eight Pounds and r£en Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the -Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced,* and to the'fu-perannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse-Guards, for the Year 1773.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee-, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces! and Marines as died upon the Establishment of -Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, for the Year 1773.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Exjjencea of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North , in the

Year 1773.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Foreigners Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Parr to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House’, Shipowners. fp conflcjer Qf pr0pcr Methods of preventing the Evil’s arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Asia, Africa, and be now read.

Vol. 34.

' Februciriu 139

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several Witnesses; and had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Criminal to resolve itself into a Gpmmittee of the whole House, Law*, upon the Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; v

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Mr. Feilde took the Chair of the Committee. ‘:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fielde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bafard whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Concealment Children, of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Feilde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro'w Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V zneris, 190 die Feb;

Anno 130 Georgii 1IIU1 Regis, 1773.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Lord Clare’*, Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honour- &c able Welbore Ellis, and Charles J Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Weibofe Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s

140 19° Februariu - ^.1773:.

Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gnvefend An ingossed Bill for paving, cleaning, and lighting, Pimng. the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for lighting the other Streets, and for removing all Encroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent, and for lighting the other Streets, a.nd for removing all Encroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle Lord George Cavendijhreported from the Committee, underline,* to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Road*. putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Year -of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Nemcastle under Line to H and from Middle Hills to " the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near and also

the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned " Road at Cobridge to Burftem, and to the " Turnpike Road, at Shelton, in the County of Stafford;" and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of ton, and of the several Townships and Villages of Chel-merton, Haddington, Flagg, Sheldon, and

ford, in the County of Derby, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Sparrow, being examined said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the Act in Execution, and repaired the Roads, but find the Powers of the A&, in many Respects, defective j that, owing to the great Extent of Road, the Trustees have round it very inconvenient to attend the Meetings; and that it would be advantageous to the Roads if they were divided into Two Districts; and he added. That the Roads cannot be completed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the Act are continued and enlarged: And- Mr. John Nuttall, being examined, said, That the Road called Old Field Lane, which branches out of the said Road between Newcaft under Line and Cobridge, to the Turnpike Road at Shelton, and also the several Roads branching out of the said Road between Middle Hills and Buxton-,namely, from to Briery

Foot, from Ladmanlow to and Ravenftow

Coal Pits, from Flash Toll Bar and Axedge to ... v and -from thence to Kmtbury and Black , Coal

V " Jhts.. and from Axedge aforesaid to Hurkillow Frith and J-.P Hignedge Lime Kilns; and also the Road branching out of- the said Road between Middle Hills and Haffop, from ffaac Billings's House to Goldfciich Coal Pits, and from thence to Quarnford, arp in many Places ruinous, narrow, and incommodious; that the same cannot be amended and repaired by the Laws in being; and that it would be a Convenience to the Country, and of public Utility, if the feme, were included in One of the Districts under the said-Act.. r , .

- Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the

Tilth' Year of His prefefit' Majesty, for repairing- arid widening the Road from Newcastle under and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, hear Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cob to Burftem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto: And that Lord George Cavendish,

' Mr. Clarke, and Sir John Wrottesley; do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

i J.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Windmill to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy* (Derby &«. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, ' Roads, and of the West: Riding of the County of 'Fork, whO/b Names are subscribed, was referred, That the Corii>-.mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition.; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered:it in at the Clerk js Table: Where the same was-read; and is as followeth; viz, - - y , i -r'.n

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, M Joseph, Jogger, being examined, said. That the Road from Windmill House,.in the County of Derby, to Fulfbaitt

Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Huddersfield Turnpike Road, near Thong's Bridge, in the said Riding, and also the Roads branching out of the said Road, near Hagg Guide Post, to Darwent, and from the said Guide Post to Clay land's Gate, and from Holmfitth to Burr's Edge, are in many '

Places very narrow and incommodious, and in a ruinous Condition, and . that, the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave1 be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening, the Road from Windmill House, in the County of Derby, to Fulfhaw Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Huddersfield Turnpike Road* near Thong's Bridge in the said Riding, and several other Roads, near qr adjoining to the said Road: And that Lord George Ca-vendish, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands King's and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, Delph.&c. and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a DrainaSc-certain Place, called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standgroimd, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newark Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to Road, join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, at the Guide Post, on the Foj's Road, near Bingham, mthe laid County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. loughby, Mr. Barrow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lyon presented to the House, according to Or- Aberdeen der, a Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more Harbour, commodious, the Harbour of Aberdfor ere Cling

new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Veil'd s trading into, and going out of, the said Harbqut: And, the same was received; and read the First Time. .;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

; Mr.

13 Geo. III. 19 0 Februar 141

Bastard Mr. Felide, according to Order, reported from the Chiicren. commictee Qf the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Destroying and Murdering of " Bastard Children," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1773, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

E ST IM AT E of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Yeat 1773.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days ——

D" to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each ——

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each ——

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each ——

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man ——

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 j. 6 d. a Week, each . .....-

Ditto - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each ——

Ditto - - to 1*542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days.- -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each ——

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -

Ditto - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer - -

Cloathing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. 10 s. each.

D° - - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £. 3. ioj. each . ....

D® - - for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2each - -- --....

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at 1 each - -

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d. each per Day, for 28 Days -....

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 s. 6 d.

each, for 28 Days - -- - - -- -....

Ditto - - to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s.each, for 28 Days ——

,a»

C

£ s- d.

43,176-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — -10,950-----

6,r68-----

455 -

638 15 — -1,079 8 —

3,500-----

4,000----

10,023----

46,260----

5.397 -

2,400-----

108-----

5>229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827-----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Westminster Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Nightly cording to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of

'Watch, Sec the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bethnal Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-Green cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Workhouse. tjjC parish Qf Saint MBethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish, and for their further Relief; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Armthorpe An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-Jndosure. veral Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 34.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Colonel SaintL do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee, Basingstone to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingflone, near the Town of Bag/hot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Cfiawton, Rop-ley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingly, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of in the County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-, ments thereunto; which' they had directed him to re-N port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the O o Amendments,

142 190 Februarii. 1773.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the 15th July 1686, respecting an Allowance of Table Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Money for the Captains of the Navy.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- And the Title of the said Paper was read.

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the O, That the said Paper be referred to the Con-House, federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to ‘ex- the Captains of His Majesty’s Navy, is referred, empt the Inhabitants of Winchester from paying more The said Paper is preserved amongst the other than* Half Toll, when airing only. Papers of this Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the , That there be laid before this House, an Foreign

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Account of the Quantity of Foreign Salt imported Salt, be made Part of the Bill. into Great , from the ift of "January 1760 to

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, the 31 ft of December 1772, or as far as the fame

for inflicting a Penalty on Persons evading the Payment can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each

of the Tolls. Port.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

CTouiclf Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is inclosure. concerned in the? Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships of Smith and Cowick, in the County of York; which Bill was, upon last, reported

from the Committee to whom the same had been committed; , ' !

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is. concerned, that the rioufe may do therein as- they shall think fit. - -

And the said Bill, being ingrafted* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing- the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Town-ships of Snailh and Cowick, In the County of York.

Ordered, That Colonel Saint do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Goxhill Mr. Dundas pfefented to the-House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln: And- the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second Time.

Foreign Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Proteilants, Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in-Childr'en. tituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-jfcfty. King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

' " for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relates " to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the " Crown of England, or of Great ," to the

Children of such Children, be now read.

1 And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, 'resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Navy Mr. , Biiller, from the Commissioners for executing Captains. Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen'ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

tA Copy of the Regulations and InstructiohS of the

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Foreigners the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Part of proper Methods of preventing the Evils arising from Ship Owners. Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Asia, Africa, and America, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of criminal the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more ef- Laws, feftual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, was committed, be re-, ceived upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Bertie have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for. dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Toyntons mon Fields, Meadows, lugs, and other Common-, inclosure. able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manon of Toyntons, in the Townships of Boynton All Saints, and Toynton Saint Peter's, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to.

Order, a Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with prisoners Felony, or any other Crime, who shall be acquitted, or Fees, discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees; and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lutue,

»3 Geo. III. 22°

Lunce,2 2° die;

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Basingstone, A N ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter ic. dx. the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-Roads. sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of , in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through , Holly born,

Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingly, otherwise Lane, to the City of

Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act,' made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Bafngfone, near the Town of in the Parish of 14 indlef tarn, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and trom thence,- through Bentley, Holly born, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, Alresford, and

Mattingly, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Win-chef er, in tilt- County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Saint John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hockwold A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands (oouth Le- and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of 'age.0"111' t^ie Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New and the Hard

Lands of Woodha/l, in Helgay, and in the Coun-

ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Grey, Sir Edward AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Everthorpe Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lord ship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Roagemont ' An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Courts of (Devon) Justice in the Castle of Rougemont, in the County of CjUftiS of Devon, and for building the said Courts in a more ce' commodious Manner, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for taking down the Shire Hall of the County of Devon, and for building a new Shire Hall in a more commodious Manner.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maugan A Bill for making and continuing a Navigable Cut, Cana]1 or Ganal, from Maugan Forth, through the several Pari (hes of Maugan, Saint Columb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb Forth, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pread, Sir John Molfcworth,&c.: And they are to meet this Vox.. 34.

Februarii, 145

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwitli reported from the Committee, to whom Birmingham

the Petition of John Ash, M. D. William John - Paying, &c.

ner, Samuel Bradbourn, Thomas Bingham, Samuel,

Francis Carles, Thomas Careless, John John,

John Ford, Samuel Gallon. Richard Samuel Har-

vey, James Jackson, John Kettle, Samson Lloyd, Senior,

Samson Lloyd, Junior, Michael Laken, Thomas Thomas Lawrence, William May, Benjamin Manfell, John Moody, John Ryland, Thomas Russell, Richard Rabone,

Joseph Smith, John Taylor, Esquire, John Turner, Senior, c Joseph Wilkihfon, William Welsh, Elias Wallin, Joseph Webjler, Thomas Westley, being Thirty-four of the Com-

milfioiners named in, or acting under, the Act of Parliament thereinafter mentioned, and of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being some of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick -, and also, the Petition of the several persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein^ were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them^ to the House; -and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said'Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Steward, being examined, said. That the Commissioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution; but, from the small Number of Commissioners thereby appointed, it has been sometimes difficult to procure a sufficient Number to attend the Meetings for doing the Business necessary for the Execution of the Ad; and' that the same has been found in several Particulars insufficient for the Purposes intended.

That the Openings, allowed by the said Act to be made in several of the Streets and Places in the said Town, will be very advantageous, but, on Account of a great Increase in the Number of Carts used there, by Reason of the Navigation now brought to the said Town, it is proper some other of the Streets and Places should be widened: And he Hated,

That it will be necessary to take in Land, and to pull down some small Buildings, to widen the End of New Street, next Paradise Row, the Road by the Side of Saint Phil lip'% Church Yard, Bull Street, Smallbrooke Street, and Moor Street; which Buildings are of very small Value, except those in Moor Street.

And the Witness further said, That he hath known many Dillurbances happen, through the Want of a Nightly Watch in the said Town; which, if established, would be of great Benefit: That, since a Navigation hath been brought to the said Townj the Number of Carts within the same hath greatly increased, and the Carmen frequently impole on the Inhabitants; and it would be of great Advantage if Provision was made, for regulating them, both as to the Price of Carriage of Goods, and their Behaviour; and that the Rates granted by the said Act are insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid; and apprehends it would be proper that Collectors should be appointed, and paid put of the said Rates, instead of the Method prescribed by the Ad, of compelling Inhabitants to take the Office.

And he added, in general, that some /further Amendments may be necessary to be made to the &id Ad.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a . Bill to

amend

Stourbridge

Roads.

Ditto.

East Haddon Inclosure.

144 2i° Februarii.A. 1773.

amend an Act* passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying open and " widening certain Ways and Passages within the Towli " of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the " Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there and for " removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions " therein and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town: And that Mr. Skipwith and the Lord Guernsey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourband other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Staf-

ford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Ha'nmer, Sec.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of many of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, through the Parillies and Towns of Hagley and Halesowen, to The Cross of the

Hands near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence tp a Street in the said Town, called New Street, and of'1 many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham and Neighbourhood thereof, which was presented to the House upon the iothDayof this Instant February,'and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,* An Act for repairing

" and widening several Roads leading from the Market " House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop,

" and Warwick, respectively," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish x?f Kidderminster, in the said County of Worcester, through

the Parishes and Towns of Hagley and Halesowen, to The Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road called The Five Ways, near the Town of Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near the same Tov\(n, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street in the said Town of Birmingham, called the New Street, was referred, might be agaiq read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee; to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instructiort to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon,

in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Farmers, and Tradesmen, in the County of Rutland, and in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Extow, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Scot Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the said County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from thence, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of Booth's adjoining to the Op?n Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County, is very ruinous, narrow, and in many Parts almost impalpable in the Winter Season; and that the same cannot be properly repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Langley Edwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmere, in the said County of Rutland: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenell and Mr. Noel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, was committed.

Mr. Lockhart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendment^ are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

R.efolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the wholtf House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the

Town

Stamford

Road.

Criminal

Laws.

Lord Clare’*

&c.

Qualification.

Gravesend

Paving.

NewcaPJe under Line &c. Roads.

Foreigners Part Ship Owners.

Navy

Captains.

Wilton

Inclosure.

Blefington’s

WilL

13 Geo. III. $2* Februa 145

Town and Parishes of Graves and in the County of Kent-, and for lighting the other Streets, and for removing all Incroachments and Annoyances, within the said Town and Parishes; and desire tfre Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hajffop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near; and also the

Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burfiem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Methods of preventing the Evils arising from Foreigners becoming Part Owners of Ships trading to Africa, and America, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Abul'es in the Sale of Shares of British built Ships to Foreigners.

And Mr. Alderman Oliver moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British built Ships to Foreigners: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a'n Order in Council, directing, that an Allowance of Half Pay shall be made to the Captains of the Navy, who have borne Command in His Majesty’s First and Second Rate Ships, dated ,6th 1674: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order in Council, for the Establishment of an Allowance of Table Money to the Captains of the Navy, dated 8th October 1686: And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Entry in the Council Register of the 22d of February 1693, intituled, " Real'ons presented " by the Commissioners of the Admiralty for encouraging the Officers serving at Sea, with Double Pay " while in Service, and Half Pay when on Snore:" And also,

N° 4. Copy of an Order in Council, for settling Double Pay on the Officers of the Fleet when at Sea, and Half Pay on Shore, with several Tables and Estimates thereto annexed; dated 22d February 1693.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Captains of His Majesty’s Navy, is referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hotham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of , in the

North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Teshment of William Earl of Blefington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Vol. 34.

Page, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town and Territories of Burfiwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum Burfiwick, in in the East

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lafcel/es, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow, or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Township of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fbn, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a'*' Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act. " for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, in the " County of Devon," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Relief of the Poor, in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Farnaby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ’

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Citizens of the City of Litchfield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said City share in the Distrefl’es occasioned by the high Prices of Provisions, particularly in the Articles of Corn and Cheese, which the Petitioners conceive is owing (amongst other Causes) to the Exportation of Cheese: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to make such Provision against this growing Evil as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settle-P p ment

Burfhvick,

See.

Inclosure*

Harpham,

&c.

Inclosure*

Dravtou

Inclosure,

Devon

Poor*

Farnborough

Road*

Litchfield: Corn and Provisions,

Lying-in

Hospitals,

i±6 Februarii. A. 1773*

ment of Ballard Children born in such Hospitals and Places: And that Mr. Mackworth, Sir Joseph and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Affairs — Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next, resolve itself

Srtrecy.tee°f into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Report, which upon the

17th Day of December last, and also the Report, which upon the 9th Day of this Instant February, were made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they; find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Copies of Charters, Treaties, Accounts, Books, and all other Papers, which were presented to this House in the Session 176^, relating to the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Account* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered — Account of the Nett Produce of the Duty on Tea im-

ea' ported into any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, laid by an Act of Parliament of the 7th Year of His present Majesty; distinguishing each Year, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, for Ten Years past; distinguishing each Year.

East India Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to aaa*TcT ^'s Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Paper* of Directions, that there be laid before this House, Extracts of all Letters and Instructions sent from the Right honourable William Pone of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to Hans Stanley, Esquire, His Majesty’s Minister at the Court of France, between the 26th Day of March and the 20th Day of September 1761, so far as the same relate to the Affairs of the East India Company; and of all Memorials or Representations thereupon, presented by His Majesty’s said Minister at the Court of France, to any of the Ministers of that Court.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Foreign The House was moved, that an Act, made in the froteftan;*. Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing " such Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in ," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall lerve, for the Time " therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers " in America," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said Acts: And that Mr. Mr. Gas-

coyne, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year Newcastle> of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of New- 0 ra *’ " castle and Sunderland," was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had ( gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of the City of New New Sarum Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the ^""-keepers. House, and read; Complaining of the Hatdships which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And therefore praying the House to alleviate the Distresses of the' Petitioners, in such Way as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Protestant House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dissenter*. House, To.consider of the Motion, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harris reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make, a- Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Harris accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to hring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England.

And Mr. Harris moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects difienting from the Church of England: And that Mr.

Harris, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir George Savile,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Sir Harbord Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- Elections — der, a Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections <^cafiooal of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities, Bo- otefs* roughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of March next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom

Martif,

Account

ordered —

Cheese.

Bristol —

Quincey’s

Steel

Manufactory.

Bristol

Theatre.

13 Geo. III. a'30

H1

Martisy 2 30 die;

Anno 130 Georgii III’11 Regis, 1773;

Prayers.

/~\Rderedy That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported to any Country, not being Part of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, trom the ill Day of 760, as

far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Countries to which, and the Ports from whence, the same has been exported.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers of, or Dealers in Iron and Steel, in and near the City of in Be-

half of themselves and others interested in the said Manufactories, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of Edmund Quincey has been pretented for a Bill to enable him, and those claiming under him, to make Steel in America, with Tilt Hammers or otherwise, and to import the same into Great Britain; which, the Petitioners apprehend, if permitted, would be the Ruin of many Thousands of industrious Persons in this Kingdom, who derive their Livelihood from the manufacturing of Steel: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against permitting the making of Steel with Tilt Hammers, or otherways, in America, and importing the same into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edmund Quincey, of the Town of Stoughtenham, in New England, Merchant, in Behalf of himself, and of such other Persons resident in Great Britain as may become Co-adventurers with him in certain Mines in New England, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Bristol; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Bristol; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

JHenry Stephens, being examined, said, That he knows the City of Bristol, which is large and populous, and some Part of it much frequented by Persons of Rank and Fortune, on Account of the medicinal Waters in the Neighbourhood thereof; and that the Villages round it are inhabited by many Merchants and Gentry.

That a licensed Playhouse would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons residing in, and resorting to, the said City, and great Benefits would result to the Inhabitants therefrom; and that there is a Building, within the said City, coinmodioully finished and furnished, for the Performance of Theatrical Exhibitions.

No Person appeared before your Committee in Support of the second-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Bristol: And

Vol. 34.

that Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Laroche, and Sir Ilarbord bord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyon,

Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to impower the Reverend Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcott, Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes, in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Retftory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two (mail Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp deville aforesaid. Part of the Estate of Richard of Weston, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and for the setting out, assigning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time,

Refo.'vcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an North Level* Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of (^Dilhid) his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Drra*na8*»&c‘ " An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the " Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for en- abling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level " Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money, to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the " Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining " and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said " North Level; and for the more effectual draining and " preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second District in the said Act described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Tid Grounds, in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and New* St.Gile*, ton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and Drainage, in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Goxbill Grounds, in the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Inclosure* Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norton, Mr. Crowle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aberdeen

Harbour.

Thorp

Mandeville

Glebe

Exchange*.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing

Montgomery,

&c.

Roadi.

Hertford-bridge-hill Roads.

Criminal

Laws*

Culgarth

inclosure.

Turnpike

Roads.

Gailes

inclosure.

148 ^Fdruaru. A. 1773.

ing several Roads, in the Counties of Merio-

neth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the Welsh Gate, in Skrezosbury, and the Towns of Pool and Oswestry; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed ,to Mr. Williams, Sir Watkin Williams W8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the 10th and 21st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridgehill to the Town of

Basingfoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid, to the Town of , in the County of

Southampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Feilde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther, Mr. Fletcher Norton, Mr. Johnston, and Mr. Robinson, be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Tracts of Common or Waste Ground, within the Manor or Township of Culgarth, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fuller, Sir vile. Sir Cecil Wray, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, and Sir Thomas Clavering, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr, Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, 'called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirkby Ravenfworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sat isfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of £. 39 per Annum; the Whole of the Value of Lands to be inclosed being £. 946 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protest His Majesty’s Subjects in the Domi-

nions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Ambassador sent from England, to reside at Constan-tinople; and that there should be Consuls, Vice Confute, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey, where any British Subjects reside, and where the English carry on Trade; the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company; which, together with other Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has, of late Years, amounted to upwards of f. 10,000 per Annum-, and that the said Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance which has been granted to the Petitioners by Parliament, has enabled them to pay off the greatest Part of the Debt which they had incurred, and to lower their Duties, which were so high as to be such a Burthen that the Trade was not able to support; and that, during the last Year, the Exports to, and Imports irom, Turkey, have been much more considerable than they were the preceding Year; which has not only been beneficial to His Majesty’s Revenue, but has likewise been of great Advantage to the Manufacturers of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that, during the Course of the present Year, a new Ambassador will be appointed at Constantinople, which will be a considerable Expence to the Petitioners; and, if a Peace between the Turkish and the Russian Government should take place, this Circumstance will likewise occasion an unavoidable Expence; and that, if the Petitioners should raise their Duties again, they are apprehensive that such an Alteration would tend to diminish the Trade, and consequently would not be a Means of enabling them to support the Expences of it; and that the Petitioners hope they shall not soon be under a Necessity of applying again to the House for Assistance; but they are sensible that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the

Premises

Turkey

Company*

Geo. III.

23 — 24c

Februarii.

*49

Premises into Conlkleration, and to grant them such farther Afriltance as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Qmncey’s S: p!

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition . of Edmund Quincey, of the Town of in

Ma:.uta ory. Erg'and, Merchant, on Behalf of himself, and of

1'uch other Persons resident in Great Britain, as may become Co-adventurers with him in certain Mines in New England, is referred, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

*jvfcnption so the 39 Articles.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England, or any other Tell how required of Persons in either of the Two Universities;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.0 Februarii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

East India fX^HE Lord Hinchingbroreported to the House, Affairs. That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Cromwell Mr. George Bridges Breported from the Com-Intlofure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pallures, and Waste Grounds, w’ithin the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glass Mr. Mach-worth reported from the Committee, to Manufactory, whom the Petition of the honourable Charles Fitzroy, the honourable Robert Digby, Peregrine Cust, Thomas Duttdat, John Mackay, Philip Affleck, Henry Dagge, James

Vol. 34.

Board ten, James Mowbray, Angus Mackay, Henry ings, Ranald Mackdonald, and Samuel Choi let, was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of FaCl contained in the said Petition, ar:d had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows;

It appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Philip Befnard, that he had been engaged in the Manufacture of making Plate Glass 15 Years; and he said. He had studied the Art 25 Years, and had made Plates of Glass in Picardy and Burgundy, Ten Feet high and Six Feet wide, or 130 by 90 Inches, French Measure; and that these Glasses were made by carting them upon a Table; that since his coming to England, which is about 18 Months, he had made Enquiry after lijhPlate Glass, and the largest he has seen, w-as 40 by 36 Inches; has heard of larger being made but could never get the Sight of any: That the English Glass is blown in general, and that it is impossible to blow Plates of Glass to the first Magnitude; that there are all Neceftaries in England for making of Glass, except Barilla, and that it is practicable to make Glass Plates of

in there for

Three Reasons; the Cast Glass may be made larger, clearer, and cheaper, and that the Risque is greater in blowing than calling; the Works and Apparatus for calling Glass, both with Respect to the Buildings, Furnaces, Cooling Ovens, Copper Tables for calling, and other Matters, are formed upon a very different Con-llruction from the Glass Houses in The whole

Apparatus upon an extensive Plan, with every Necessary that is requisite, may be estimated at 50,000, but the necessary Buildings for the First Establishment will coll about £. 12,000; and with the Materials, and Expences attending the Work, may amount tOj£. 25,000, before any Return of Money can be made from the Manufactory: That he is engaged to carry this Plan into Execution with a Set of Gentlemen. — And being asked, Why none of the largest Size Plate Gials was made in England ? he said, Because they don’t understand the Art; that all the Buildings, and every Necessary to carry on the Trade to its utmost Extent, is included in the Estimate of £.50,000. — In France they pay no Duty on Glass or Barilla, because they would encourage the Trade, but when imported into England, it pays a Duty of 80 or 90 per Cent, and he knows Glass has been imported into England to a large Amount, ,£.3,000 being paid for Commission in a Year. And he further said. That the Glass Manufactory in Venice, is now very trifling; but the French cannot cast it fall enough for their Consumption, it being exported over all the World. In England he has heard that a Duty is paid, of about 9 Shillings per Cent, on the gross Materials used, but he thinks Plate Glass may be made cheaper in England than in France, because Fuel is much cheaper here, and the French Manufactory is established in a bad Situation for Fuel — that the French cast Plates, from Ten Guineas to 100 Guineas Value per Plate; the Price of Glass runs from $s. to £. 4 per Foot: And being

asked. Whether the bell Glass that he has seen in France, was better than the bell he has seen in England ? heanswered. That he had seen a great Number of

lish Glasses, but that the French Glass was the bell, because they are more clear, more white; and transparcnt.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. James ChriJHe, Auctioneer, that a great Quantity of French Plate Glass goes through his Hands every Year; that the largest English Plate Gials he has ever seen docs not exceed, in Length, the Width of the French Glasses, they measuring from 65 to 68 inches in Width, and from 114 to 118 Q q Inches

15O 240 Februarii. . 1773

Inches in Length; he fold Three Pair of large French Plates for £. 2,500. He further said. That he had seen a large Glass, at a House belonging to the Proprietor of die Glass Manufactory at which was shewn

him as a Prodigy, and he could not help smiling, when he considered its Size in a comparative View with the Glass he had seen of Foreign make; it appeared also to him very faulty: And he lamented much that such large Sums of Money should go Abroad (amounting, as he believed, from 60 to £, 100,000 per for Foreign Glass,

which might be saved at Home, could a similar Manufactory to that in France be established in \ The

Duty on French Glass is 75 per Cent, with 8 d. per Pound or thereabouts on Importation, but he believes not One Third of the Quantity that is imported pays Duty, being in general smuggled; and a Kind of trading Company has been formed here for that Purpose: He thinks, if this Manufactory is brought to Perfection, it will be from 500 to^. 1,000 per Ann. out of his Pocket, which he now gains by Commission on the Sale of Foreign Glass; and the Witness supposed that Foreign Glass, to the Value of 10,000 went through his Hands last Year, and 20,000 through many of the Warehouses; and he imagines, from the Number of Glasses that he has seen of Foreign make, that they must amount to nearly the Sum before-mentioned; he has known One Pair of Glasses fell for £. 1,000. The Witness said. He never saw any Glass manufactured in England, but always understood that it was made by blowing only, which he thinks may be as good in that Mode as if it was Cast, hut that it is not possible to go to so large a Size. In France he thinks he saw 1,000 People employed in a Manufactory in the various Branches, as grinding, pol’tshing, &c. and they seemed to be happy in their Employment. He said. The Proprietor of the Manufactory of Glass at Vauxhall had been applied to for large Plate Glass, but he refused to engage in that Branch, he having a sufficient Trade in the less Sizes; and laid. He did not chuse to run so great a Risque, for the Duty was very^igh. He further said, That he did not know, by Inspection, the Difference between cast and blown Glals; that he has seen French Glass as perfect as possible, and in Proportion to the Number, more perfect than the English; that the large English Glass is apt to wave: And the Witness said. He had often mentioned the Utility that a Manufactory of large Plate Glass would be of to this Country, to the Right honourable Charles , from the great

Quantities of Foreign Glass being imported; and he was given to understand, if such an Undertaking was set on Foot, that every possible Encouragement would be given by Parliament and Administration, as a great National Object. He did not remember to have fold English Glass exceeding 30 Inches wide and 60 long — the Tariff for Glals of the largest Dimension is only 48 I by 60; and he thinks, if Plate Glass could be made upon more moderate Terms, a large Quantity of such Plates would be exported to the East Indies and elsewhere, though at present he knows of no Exportation from England, while a very considerable one is carried on from France.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. John Mayo, a Cabinet Maker and Worker of Plate Glals, that he apprehends it to be all blown, as he never heard of its being cast in England; has known French Glass bought by Commission for Exportation; and he does not doubt but great Quantities would be exported from England, if made as cheap and perfect as in and should

suppole it may be made cheaper: And the Witness said. He has been informed, the King of France is concerned in the Glass Manufactory, and is at a great Expence therein; and also, that the Trade is there carried on by a large Company; that he has imported a great deal of French Glass, upon Account of the Size; and, notwithstanding the heavy Duty thereupon, it comes less expensive than the English; that he applied at Vauxkall for 3

Plate Glass, but could get none made there, on Account of the Size he wanted, as there were none so large, and they did not chuse to make them; the largest English Plates of Glass he ever saw, were about 36 Inches by 72.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Bowles, that he made a great Quantity of Plate Glass, the largest Size, 82 by 48; and that he could make larger Plates, but there is no Sale for them; he has a Glass in his Pofiession of 99 or 100 Inches long, and 40 Inches wide, which was formerly cast; but has now no Apparatus for calling Glass, it having been long since destroyed: He does not recoiled the Price of those he made of the larger Sort, except one Glass, 60 by 40, fold for 37. ion in the rough; he believes French Glass is cheaper.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Dickson, that at Mr. Cookson's Manufactory for Plate Glass, the largest

Size made, is 84 by 52 Inches, which he believes were cast. This Manufactory has been carried on for 30 Years; and said. He could be supplied with Plates of that Size from thence; but as there is no call for them (the French underselling us) very few had been made, and he could not tell the Price: That he could not export them, because there was no Demand: And being asked. What he would fell a glass of 84 Inches by 52 ? he said, For any Price, but they are rough. i

Mr. Quinton informed your Committee, that he had made very few Plate Glasses as yet, the largest Size was 84 by 38 Inches, but that he had never fold One; that he could cast large Glass Plates, but not in the Manner they do in France.

A Member present informed your Committee, that he had received a Letter lately, wherein he was informed, that at a Manufactory he was concerned in, they had just begun to blow Plate Glass; and had made One Plate 65 by 38 Inches.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to pay Debts already contrafted in finishing and fur-nifning their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkkill, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qutf-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the

House,

Bethnal

Green

Workhouse.

Brinkhifl

Inclosure.

Bewdley: Red stone-B ridge.

i3 Geo. III. £4° Februa 151

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near a Place called Redfione; and that there now is, and for Time immemorial hath been, a Bridge across the fa'td River, at the said jTown of Bewdley, about Three Miles higher up the said River than Redstone-, which Bridge is, and for Time immemorial hath been, repaired and amended at the Expence of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and to enable them so to do, certain small Tolls and Duties have been, and Hill are, taken for Horses and Carriages passing over the same; and that the Petitioners the said Bailiff and Burgesses have lately laid out upwards of £.200 in the Repairs of the said Bridge, and the Tolls arising therefrom are at present insufficient to keep the same in Repair; and that, if the said intended Bridge at Redstone should be built, it will greatly lessen the Tolls of the said Bridge at Bewdley, and be of great Detriment to the Petitioners, several of whom have advanced large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Turnpike Roads leading to the said Town; and it will be also detrimental to the Navigation of the said River: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Petition, and against the bringing in of the said Bill, or passing the same into a Law, if any such Bill should be ordered to be brought into the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of Kidderminster, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Farmers, residing in the said Borough, and in the Parish of Kidderminster, and divers other Parishes and Places in the County of Worcester, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.'

Timber The Houffe was moved, that an Act, made in the

Trees. Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, " and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further " Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam: And that Mr. Pennant and Mr. Samuel Eger ton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Criminal Mr. Feilde, according to Order, reported from the Law* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a §econd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ballard Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Concealment Children. Qf the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the

Vol. 34.

" Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children," be read the Third Time upon Monday the 26th Day of April next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, for the Year 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recotamends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of thft Militia, for the Year 1773, as they shall think necefiafy.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Ball concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- n mon Pastures, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Irchester concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the hidofur*. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon Tuesday the Ninth Day of this Instant February, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being , taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Goxhill concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was Yesterday read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majestyhs Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been

informed

152 24° — 250 Februarii. 1773.

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Conient, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House.may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Annuities The House proceeded to take into further Considera-Poor t'on ^IC ^cPort from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling iParilhes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Red fictions, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for extending the Provisions of the Act to Corporations for the Care and Management of the Poor.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to extend the Penalties against forging the Annuity Deeds, to those Deeds which are granted by such Cofporations.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Forms to be observed in Letters of Attorney and Transfers at the Bank.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made. Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Com Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-p night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

rovi on*. j_foufCj tQ conf, der further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to tl’.e House,

A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Towns of Birmingham and Stourbridge, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Counties of wick and Worcester, respectively.

1 Road's.^ And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That

the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in , and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Road leading out of Smallbrooke Street, in the Town of Birmingham, to The

Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, was a Part of the Turnpike Road from Birmingham to and the same being lately discontinued as a Turnpike Road, the Petitioners apprehend, that the Purposes of the said Bill would be better answered, and the Town and Neighbourhood of Bi accommodated, if the same was made a Part of the Turnpike Road now under Consideration, and the Terms and Powers of the said Act extended for that Purpose; and that, at the Time of passing the said former Act, it was intended, that the Whole of the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, through Old and the

Parish of Pedmore, to a Place called Clapgate, in the Parish of Hagley, in the said County, and from the said Clapgate, to where it meets the other Branch of the Road leading from Blakedown Pool to The Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, should have been made Turnpike; but, owing to a Mistake in the said Act, the same falls short of the said other Road about 300 Yards; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if Power was given to the said Trustees, to repair the Road from the said Clapgate to The Cross of the Hands, on the other Branch of the said Road, the same would render the Purposes of the said Act more effectual: And therefore praying, that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Skipwith, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning/ Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 5* die Februarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III,a Regis, 1773*

Prayers.

ffiRdered, That all have Voices, who come to the Chatteris

Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and pea ,e s‘

establishing Articles of Agreement, for Hocking, feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands lying in the Open Fields of Chatteris aforesaid, to fence the fame, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Hertford-ofTwo Acts of the 10th and 21st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the 03 Road from Hertfordbridgehill, to the Town of Bajing-stoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Power of Two Acts of the 10th and 21st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridgehill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Saint John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Am coltspresented to the House, according to Thorpe

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

r

i3 Geo. III. 35° Februani, 153

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nafford Mr. Dowdcjwell presented to the House, according inclosure. to Order, a BUI for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parish of . Nafford, and Chapelry of , in the County of

Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Samboorn Mr. Dowdeswellpresented to the House, according to

inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and WasteLand, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the Parish of Coughton, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Churchill Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to lndofure. vv[lom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common, within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Joseph Parr, possessed of an Estate of the annual Value of £. 15 or thereabouts, who is old and infirm, and refused to sign the Bill on Account of his Age, but made no Objection to the inclosure; and that the whole annual Value of Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed is£. 324 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Gailes An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain inclosure. Moor, or Common, called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton otherwise Gailes, in

the Parish of KirbyRavensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Gailes Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Birmingham A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers Affiiy office. of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for establishing an Assay Office, for trying, touching, afiaying, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate in the said Town; and alledging. That the Petitioners have long laboured under very great Disadvantages, from the Want of an Assay Office in the said Town, the Establishment whereof would be of Angular Advantage to the Petitioners, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing an Assay Office in the said Town of Birmingham, for trying, touching, assay-

Vol. 34.

ing, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, Powers, and Provisions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom St. Martin the Bill to enable the Retftor of Saint Martin, in Bir- (Birming-mingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lea^m^ Lands belonging to the said Rectory, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, will the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom shipfton the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Road. Acts, paired in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge in the Parish

of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through

Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucesterftks far as the same relate to the said first-mentioned Road, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Shcalby Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure. Common Fields and Common Pastures of Sheafby, in the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Irchester whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure. Common Fields, Common MeadoiVs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Ambrose Dickins and Brampton Gurdon Dillingham, Esquires,

Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had R r given

154 25* Februarit. 1773.

given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cromwell An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open nc 0 ure. Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, andWafte Grounds, within the Parish of Cromin the County of ham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cin the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, Thar Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Inc'lofure1 -^n ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open nc o ure. £ornmon Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dj^re their Concurrence.

Hemingby Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-nclo ure. corcjing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bourton Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. tf,e gjn for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tid A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Common-St. Giles ajty> of the Company of Conservators of the Great Le-rainage. vcj Gf Fens, commonly called Bed/ord Level, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

by an Act of the 15th Year of King Charles the Second, for draining the Great Level of the Fens, called Bed/ord Level, the Petitioners were incorporated, and impowered to do all Things necessary for the Preservation of the said Great Level, as well within the Boundaries thereof, as without; and that under the said Act, and another Act of the 20th Year of the said King Charles, the Petitioners have assessed and taxed the taxable Lands lying within the said Great Level, for the Support thereof; and have laid out the Money arising the reby, and borrowed upon the Credit thereof, in the executing the Works of the said whole I„evel; and that several Acts*have of late Years passed, impowering Commissioners to do Acts necessary for the better draining of several particular Districts lying within the said Great Level; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln; and the Petitioners are informed, that, by the said Bill, it is proposed, that the Commissioners to be thereby appointed are to have the foie Power and Authority, in and over all the said Lands, for the better draining of the fame, and of the Banks,

Bridges, Cuts, Drains, or other Works, already made or set up, or to be made or set up, by the said Commissioners, within ot without the Limits of the Lands comprized in the said Bill; and though by the said Bill, the Rights of the Petitioners are proposed to be saved, the same are made subject to such Powers as in the said Bill are intended; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Manner in which the same is proposed, the Rights and Powers of the Petitioners will be greatly infringed, and the general Works made for the draining of the Whole of the said Great Level may.be thereby greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Skipzvith presented to the House, according to Rugby Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the *

Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plate Sheffield, *cc. Workers of the City of London, and Places adjacent, Assay Office*, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That Application is making, for establishing of Assay Offices in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, for the trying, touching, assaying, and marking of Gold and Silver Plate; and alledging, that the Power of trying, touching, assaying, and marking, of Gold and Silver Plate, is a very great and important Trust, and ought to be committed to such Persons, and in such Places only, where the same is likely to be executed and discharged with the greatest Care and Fidelity; and that the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London (whose Affairs are governed and ordered by the Wardens and Assistants of the said Company)

are.

13 Geo. III. 25° Februarii. 155

are, and have been, a Corporation by Prescription, with divers Privileges, confirmed and enlarged, from Time to Time, by several Charters (amongst other Things) for the searching, assaying, and marking. Wrought Plate, in order to ascertain the Standard thereof; and that the Wardens and Assistants of the said Company have hitherto executed and discharged those Trusts with the utmost Care and Fidelity; and that an Establishment of an Assay Office at Sheffield and Birmingham will open a Door to Deceit and Uncertainty, with respect to the Standards of Gold and Silver Plate, and tend to destroy that Credit and Reputation which the Goldsmiths Manufactory in these Kingdoms has justly acquired, and consequently impair the Trade of this Metropolis, diminish His Majesty’s Revenue, and sensibly affect the Honour and Riches of the Kingdom in general \ and that the Manufactory of such Plate is now carried on in the City of London, and Places adjacent, in all its Variety of useful and curious Branches, in much greater Perfection than in any other Place in these Kingdoms; and that the Work wrought here carries with it a deserved and established Credit, for every Quality which can contribute to Elegance, Utility, and true intrinsic Value j and that the Office of assaying and marking such Plate is performed by Persons appointed by the Company of Goldsmiths of the City of London for that Purpose only, and totally unconcerned in the Manufactory thereof; the Power therefore, of assaying Gold and Silver Plate is free from Abuse in such Hands, as much as possible; and that, in the Towns and Neighbourhood of Sheffield and Birmingham, there are few Persons at all conversant with, or {killed in, the Gold and Silver Plate Manufactory; and that in the whole Lift of Names subscribed to the said Petitions, there are but Three or Four Persons concerned in the Manufacture of Wrought Plate only j and that the said Manufactory, in the said Towns and Neighbourhood, being confined to so small a Number of real Manufacturers, and those so immediately concerned together in the same Branches of Bu-liness, will enable them (whenever they please) to abuse that Power which such an Establishment will put into their Hands, and, by so doing, most effectually to ruin the whole Goldsmiths Trade in this Kingdom; and that several or Tome Person or Persons, in or near the said Towns, or one of them, have plated with Silver, Wares and Manufactures made of base Metal, and marked the same with Marks, in order to deceive, and that the same might appear as real Silver Plate; and that other Frauds and Deceits, in the manufacturing of Silver Wares, have been committed, in or near the said Towns, or one of them; and that the necessary Expence of an Assay Office and Officers, at Sheffield and Birmingham, would render the Charges of assaying Plate at such Office equivalent to the present Charge of assaying the same at London, added to the Expences of Carriage and Agency; and that the Goldsmith’s Manufactory in the City of London, and Places adjacent, is already overstocked with Hands, inso much that many experienced Foreign Artificers, who heretofore resided in this City, from whose Skill and Ingenuity the said Manufactory received considerable Improvement, are now obliged to seek Work and Employ in other Countries, to the great Detriment of the Trade of this Kingdom; and that Multitudes of our own poor industrious Countrymen, in this Metropolis, who have been brought up to the Goldsmith’s Business, are now in the utmost Distress, for Want of Work, to support themselves and Families: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petitions; and that no such Bill or Bills, as prayed for by the said Petitions, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Highways — Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to esquire

Application into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money. y0L

of Money as have been collected; within Seven Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highways: And that they do report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Vfr. Gilbert, Mr.

Pownall,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Supply,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to -the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1773.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon, the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Mr. Alderman Oliver, presented to the House, ac- Foreigner*, cording to Order, a Bill for preventing Abuses in the Part Ship Sale of Shares of British-built Ships to Foreigners: And 0wsett< the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu t Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An India Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Colonies. Money, upon the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money so to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hadfor Act for dividing and inclosing certain Waste Lands, Inc, ofure. called Hadfor Common, in the County of JYorcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bouillon’s for Naturalizing lfabel Bouillon-, without any Amend- Nati

ment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir Charles veiling several Fee Farms, and other Rents, Part of the Cocks* settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Truf- tcs* tees, to be sold; and forenfranchising certain Gopyhold or Customary Lands, within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey -, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refloved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Foreign whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, £r?{j,tant* intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, eB* made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to " explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

" for

Leave of Absence.

Everthorpe

Inclosure.

Exeter, &c« Roads.

156 250 — 26° Februarii, 1773.

" for Naturalizing Foreign Protestants, which relate " to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the " Crown of England, or of Great ," to the Children of such Children.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lockhart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 26° die Februarii;

Anno 130 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773.1 . Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Durrant have Leave to flay in the Country on his private Affairs.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certaiaFields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of -thorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ivell, Sir William Codrington, And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees for the public Roads near the City of Exeter, commonly called the Exeter Turnpike, and other Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road between a Place called Barnfiaple Cross, in the Parish of

Crediton, in the said County, to a Place called stone Stone, is very narrow, founderous, and inconvenient; and that Persons travelling by the said Road to the Town of Crediton are subject to the Tolls levied at a Gate erected at Barnfiaple Cross, without reaping the lead Benefit of the Turnpike Roads, as they only cross the same; and that the Parishioners of Crediton are willing effectually to repair the said Road, if they were permitted to receive from the Trustees for the said Turnpike a certain Sum of Money, and the same to be afterwards included and deemed Part of the said Turnpike; and that the Road from a Gate near

Broadway,\n the Parish of Sand ford, in the said County, and leading through the said Parish of Sand ford, the Pari fhes of Hennerleigh, Washford Pyne, Woo/fardisworth, Wilieridge, Thelbridge, and East Worlington, to a Place called Drayford Bridge, all in the said County, where

the Southmoiton Turnpike ends, and which is rendered in a great Measure uleless by the Want of such Communication, is also very narrow, founderous, and inconvenient; and that the said several Parishes, having a large Extent of Road to maintain, are incapable ot effectually repairing the fame, without Aid of Parliament; and that it would be of considerable Advantage to the Public, if the said Road was added to, and made Part of, the said Exeter Turnpike; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Addition of the said Road would not be injurious to the said Trust, if the Trustees were impowered to erect a Gate on some Part of the fame, and to receive the several Tolls heretofore received at the several Gates erected on the said Turnpike Roads, separate from, and independent of, the Tolls and x

Duties at the other Gates: And therefore praying the House to permit the said Roads to be added to, and made Part of, the said Turnpike, and to give them such farther Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

See: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr, Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Vicar of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church,

in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who could not be f mnd; and One, who refused to sign the Bill; the Whole of whose Property in the said Fields is 11 Acres; and that the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 998 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the ‘ Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Beastgates, who could not be met with, and of Five Beastgates, who made no Objection to the Inclosure, and of Four Beastgates, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Number of Beastgates amount to 246; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of Market Weighton, with Shipton, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined

Kensington, Vicar of Glebe Lands.

Church

Broughton

Inclosure*

Bonsall

Inclosure.

Market

Weightoit

Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. .0,6* Februarii. 157

amined the Allegations of the Bill, iand found thfe fime to be true *, and that thfe Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Cottage Bights; and that the whole Property in the said Fields is 190^ Oxgangs, and 2to Cottage Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Drayton A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Indoiure. Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worthy Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Turnip*, &c Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the Healing or dcHroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots, is re-committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the more effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of Pease.

Blanchard’s Colonel Saint Leger presented to the House, accord-Name. . ing to Order, a Bill to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Efcjuire, now called Robert Athorpe , and his

Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Irchester An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton, and also Two Pieces of Land or Ground therein described, lying within the Parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir J Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

NewcaSl An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sec* Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Coal Ship*. " to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the " Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," was read the Third

Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of New-" castle and Sunderland."

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields; Wilton Lands and Grounds, within the Townlhlp or Lordship Inclosure. of Wilton, in the Parish of Eller burn, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Saint Leger, Mr; Hotham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber;

The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee; to Upton

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of in

the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theit Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 15 Acres, who were applied to, and made no Objection to the Bill; and except the Owner of 5 Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Stourbridge; whom the Petition of several of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Towns of Birmingham and,

and in the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester respectively, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, was read: And Mr. Thomas Steward, being examined, said. That at the Time of passing the said Act, the Road leading out of Smallbrooke Street, in Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands near to Holloway Head, was a Part of the Turnpike Road from Birmingham to B; and being lately discontinued as a Turnpike Road, the Witness apprehends the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham would be accommodated, if the same was included in the Bill now depending for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of the said Act of the 26th of his late Majesty: Then,

Mr. Thomas Brett el, being examined, said. That at the Time of passing the said Act of the 26th of his late Majesty, the whole of the Road leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, through Old and

Pedmore, to a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley, and from thence to where it meets the other Branch of the Road, leading from Blakedown Pool to The Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head, should have been made Turnpike; but, as the Witness apprehends, owing to a Mistake in the said Act, the same falls short of the said other Road about 300 Yards; and if Power was given to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the 26th of hit fate Majesty, to repair the Road from S s the

it. Martin (Birmingham) Glebe Lands.

Houghton

inclosure*

Assay

Offices.

Southampton Poor, and Roads.

158 a6° Februarii. A. 1773

the said Clap Gate to The Cross of the Hands, on the other

Branch of the said Road, the same would render the Purposes of the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th-Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Market House in and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford; Salop, and Warwick, respectively, is commit-

mitted. That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Smallbrooke Street in Birmingham, to The Cross of the Hands, near to Holloway Head; and from a Place cal ltd Clap Gate, in the Parish of , to the Turnpike

Road from Blake down Pool to the said Cross of the Hands.

An ingrossed Bill to ehable the Rector of Saint Martin, in Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pafs1. And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Rector of Saint Martin, in Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Barre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ’ and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Townships, and Liberties, of Houghton cum Wilton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee b? appointed, to enquire into the Manner of conducting the several Allay Offices in London, York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Manner in which Wrought Plate is allayed and marked, and also into the Frauds and Abul'es that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and Silver Plate, and Plated Work; and that they do examine, and report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr, Alderman Harley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Palmerston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and of the Warden and poor Children of the Hospital of Saint John Baptist, in the same Town and County, and of the major Part of the Visitors of the same Hospital, and also of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, being examined, said, T^at there are Six Parishes in the said Town, the Poor whereof have been distinctly provided for by Taxation in each Parish; but it would tend greatly to the Ease and Benefit of the Inhabitants, if the said Parillics w’ere

united, and the Poors Rates consolidated.

That the Hospital of Saint John the Baptist is a spacious Building, and capable of receiving the general Poor of the said Town, without Prejudice to the original charitable Institution thereof; and it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants, if they were enab ed to maintain the Poor therein.

That a considerable Part of the Roads leading to the said Town, lies in the Parish of All Saints, and in an Extra-parochial Place, called The Common, which, by ancient Custom, hath been repaired partly by the said Parish, and partly by the Parishes of Rhood and Saint Lawrence-; but the Roads being made Turnpike; the last mentioned Parishes are not obliged to tnake such Reparations, the Obligation to repair or compound being now, by Law, laid on the Parish in which the Road lies: That other Parts of the Roads leading to the said Town have been repaired by the Pari th of Saint Mary, and the Ward of Saint Michael and John; and many Disputes have arisen between the Inhabitants of the said Ward and Parishes as to the Extent of such Reparations.

That all the Inhabitants of the said Town receive equal Benefit from the Roads, and are desirous to contribute equally to the Repairs thereof, for the Eale of the Parishes wherein the Roads lie, and for preventing of future Disputes, which cannot be effected unless the laid several Parishes and Ward are united into One District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that the Lord Palmerston ajid Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain,a Clause in an "Ait, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her " late Majesty Queen Anne, for Naturalizing Foreign " Protestants, which relates to the Children of the naturai born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of " Great Britain," to the Children of luck Children; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: .

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Manufacturers and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, which was presented to the House upon the First t)ay of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mthe Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in tfce Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Message be sent to the Queen, to congratulate Her Majesty on the Birth of another Prince, and on Her Happy Recovery; and to allure Her Majesty of the most’dutiful Attachment-of this House, and of the very grateful Sentiments they entertain for the many inestimable Bieliings which this \ration owes to Her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Lord Brownlotv

Bertie, Mr. Norton, Mr. Morton, the Earl of Lincoln, and Sir Matthew White Ridley, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message. '

Ordered,

Foreign

Protestants

Children*

Silk

Manufacture.

Co '^ratufa-

iion to the Qadon.

13 Geo. lit. 26° Februarii — 2° Martii.

*59

Ways and Means.

Basingflone

Road*.

Hopetoun Earl of, Estate*.

G,ars

Manufactory.

Committee*,

Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way* and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now road.

And the said Order bging read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Commiuee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lor.ds, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker, „

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Power?, of an Act, made ip)the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Place called near the Tovyn of Bags hot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and,

in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley,

Hollyhorn, Alton, Chawton, Ro Sutton, New

Alresford, and Mattingly, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Earl of Hopetoun, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Ellate in the . Counties of Haddington and Fife; and for lettling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Uas House.

And then the Mcliengers withdrew.

And the said Bni from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider of the Report which was made trom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the honourable Charles Fitzroy, the honourable Robert Dig by. Re-regrine Cufi, 'Thomas Dundas, John Phillip

Affleck, Henry Dagge, James James Mozvbray,

Angus Mackay, Henry Hajlings, Ranald Mackdonald, and Samuel Chollet, was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwitiiftanumgany Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

Mari is, 2° die Martii.

Anna 13* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773*

’RAYERS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Stanley have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, fora Week, on his private Affairs. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers Shipston of Three A(5ls, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll Gate, at in the

Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone Handing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickle-ton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said First-mentioned Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of through Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; ar. i al'.’o for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone Handing ri the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickltton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said First-mentioneu Road.

Ordered, That Sir John Wroltejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to King’s Lynn whom the Petition of the Mayor and Bu.gestes of the Pilots. Borough and Port of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships and Vessels, and of Gangs of Lighters and Barges, as well residing within, as trading and navigat ing to and from, the said Borough and Port, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Scarlet Broivne, Town Clerk of King's Lynn, being examined, laid. That it is a Royal Borough, and a Port of great Trade: And he produced to your Committee, Letters Patent granted by King the First, whereby the Mayor anil Aldermen of King's Lynn are constituted Admirals of the said Harbour: And informed your Committee, that they have constantly put down Buoys, erected Beagons, and appointed Pilots, within the Limits of their Jurii'diction, as settled by the said Letters Patent; the Extent of which was made appear to your Committee, by a Plan produced by the Witness: And,

Mr. Langdale Everard, being examined, said, That he was Chamberlain to the Corporation from' 1750 to 176 , has fecn the Harbour since very often, and that some Parts of it are much more unlafe now than they formerly were, that many Ships are wrecked, and Lighters l’unk, by the Unlkilfulness of Pilots and

Bridgeraen,

r

160 $° Martiu 1773.

Bridgerr.eh, inso much that tie had Teen 20 or 30 Ships on Shore at a Time, one of which Was a Man of War, Which was obliged to take out her Guns; that many Accidents hapjien by Ships and Vessels driving from their Moorings, the latae not being sufficierit to hold them; that the Tide, which is very rapid, riles Twenty-two Feet: and that the Harbour, which was always exposed, is much more open now than formerly, by the Wearing away of Two Joints of Land.

Air. James Middleton, being examined, said, He had the Care of the Buoys, Beacons, and Births of Ships, in the said Harbour; and Was also principal Pilot there; He confirmed Mr. Browne’s Evidence, relating to the frequent Loss of Ships and Vessels, by the Unfltilfulness of Pilots and Bridgemen, the Badnels of the Harbour, and the Rapidity of the Tide t And further said, That Two Pilot Sloops ought to lie down the Channel, with Pilots aboard; that the Bridgemfen ought to take Care of the Lighters; that neither Pilots hor Bridgemen do their Duty* not are under proper Government, but go and come as they please; that Ships and Vessels, lying In the said Harbour, have frequently sustained great Damage by Fire, occasioned by the heating of Pitch, Tar, and other Combustible Matters, oh board such Ships and Vessels; that many Ships are damaged, and some have been loft, by running foul of the Anchors in entering or going out of the Harbouf; that Two Moorings have beeh laid down, the great Use of which the Witness had experienced, and that if more were put down, the Dangers to which Ships are now liable in the Harbour would be prevented.

Mr. Broxvne, being again examined, said, That the Corporation are not able to prevent all the above-mentioned Dangers and Inconveniences, for Want of Power to regulate the Pilots, and do the Works necessary to be done in the said Harbouf.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducing Ships and Vessels to, and out of, the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducing Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings, in the Harbour of the said Port j and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Thomas , Mr.

Bacon, and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beiweville’* Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to N*1* whom the Bill for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Rugby Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Alanorand Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Upwell, Sec. Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Drainag*. the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, An Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, " within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and " and in the Parishes of Denver and in the Isle of

" Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and ," so far as

the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of

Popham's Eau, was committed j That the Committee

7

had examined tbfc Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 418 Acres of Land, whocolild not be m.et with; and that the Whole of the Lands proposed to be drained consist of 9,571 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose, the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according Gale/

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Inclosure. Parcel of Common, or Waste Land, called Gate, Common, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mf. Wiltoughby repotted from the Committee, to Newark whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road, from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to in the County of Lincoln, at the Guicfe Post, on the Fofs Road near Bingham, in the said County of,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Turnpike Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Road*. Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, principal Mer- Red (lone chants, and Traders, of the City of was pre- Bridge,

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near a Place called Redstone, and for making proper Roads or Avenues to the fame; and alledging, that there is a Hop Market in the said City, which, together with the other Markets, have been constantly supplied from the Western Part of the County of Worcester, and from the County of Hereford, with Hops and other Produce; and that, if the said intended Bridge should be built, and new Roads made to the fame, to communicate with the Road leading from Redstone Ferry, through Martley, into Herefordshire, the Petitioners apprehend, a very considerable Part of such Produce will be conveyed to Stour Port, where a Market for Hops and other Commodities is intended to be soon established, which will lessen the Revenue of the present Hop Market, will enhance the Price of Provisions to the Petitbners, and be

very

i3 Geo. III. 2° Martii. . 161

very injurious to the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and be very detrimental to the Navigation of the said River: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves; their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Petition, and against the bringing in of the said Bill; or passing the same into a Law; if any such Bill should be ordered to be brought into the House.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Furnaces and Collieries, and Barge Owners, of Made ley, &c. in the County of Salop, was all'o presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and letting forth, That, if the said intended Bridge should be built, it will be greatly detrimental to the Navigation of the said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may not be given for the ' laid Bill to be brought in, or the same passed into a

Law, if any such Bill should be ordered to be brought into the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of Kidderminster, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Farmers; residing in the said Borough, and in the Parish of,

and divers other Parishes and Places in the County of Worcefl, is referred; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee; upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented; and upon which Counsel is ordered to be heard.

Ordered, That all have Voices; who come to the Committee to whom the said Petitions are referred.

kofs Roads. Mr. Foley, Junior, presented to (he House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of HerefordAnd the fame' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

King ten, Mr. Foley, Junior, presented lo the House, accord-

Roads ’n§ to ^rc*er> a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in’ the Twenty-ninth Year of the lleign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall so far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardefley, to Aimely, to , to Eardijlaud, to Staple B, and to Milton , in the said County: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Church An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve-Droughton ra] Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, ac oiuic. anj Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Bonfali Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall and Inclosure Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonsall Leys, and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Market Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Weighton Manor of Market Weightonwith Shipton, in the County Il,clofurC* of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of Market Weiglitoh with Shipton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George" Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill so enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, NewcaWe, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for re- Repairing and widening the Road from under 01

Line to Haffop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavend'fh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Bourton doling, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Inclosure. Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds; in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Pari (li.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Kington, others, of the County of Hereford, was presented to the tec. House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for en- Roads* larging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, so far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley' sMountain, lo Eardefley, to Altnely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County; and Setting forth.

That a certain Piece of Road, lying between the End of one of the Branches of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, in the Parish of Eardefley, and the Turnpike Gate in the said Parish, called Turnpike Gate, is in a ruinous Condition; and it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and all Persons travelling from Kington to Hereford, if the Provisions of the said Bill were extended to the Repairs of the said Branch of Road to Willerfiey Turnpike Gate:

And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in T t tire

i62 . 2° Martii. . 1773;

the said Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as the floufe shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Scudamore,

See.: Anu they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Groppenhall, Mr. Samuel Egerton, presented to the House, accord-&c. |ng to Order, a Bill for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and nclo are. allotting, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenhall and in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bristol Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to

Theatre. Order, a Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Bristol: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Hemingby A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Gom-Indofure. mon Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broivn-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Cocks, An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (Sp(Phar, es) for vetting several Fee Farms, and other Rents, Part of ate’’ the settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold i and for enfranchising certain Copyhold or Customary Lands, within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

„ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Torke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Richmond Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Bridge. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and other the Inhabitants, of Richmond, and Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Stailard, being examined, said. That the Communication between Richmond and the County of Middle f ex is by a Ferry, the Approach to which is very bad and inconvenient by Reason of the Steep nets of the Hill, the Rife whereof from the River to the lload is about 41 Feet; that a loaded Waggon or Cart cannot come from the Ferry to the Street up the Hill, neither can Carriages defeend without a Chain; that People generally get out of their Carriages when they go to the Ferry, which is an inconvenient PaflTage over the River Thames.

That the Witness has frequently seen Carriages come to the Top of the Hill, and the Descent has appeared to them so very bad, that they have gone round by Kingston to get to the other Side of the Water; and that the Communication by the Ferry is cut off several

Months in the Year by Floods and Frosts — That a Bridge-would certainly obviate the above Inconveniencies* be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and the Public in general:

That Richmond is not a Market Town, neither is there any great Matter of Trade carried on there; but there is a Communication by the Ferry, between Richmond and Twickenham, from the Counties of;

Sussex, and Kent — That Kew Bridge is about Two Miles below Richmond, arid Kingston Bridge about Four Mile? above it; that there are a Number of People reside at Richmond, whom Richmond, with its own Produce, is not able to supply; and it would be a Matter of great Convenience, if Corn and Hay could be brought from Middlesex to Richmond.

That a Cart or Waggon, loaded with Hay or (jorn* can come over the Ferry at particular Times, but cannot get up the Hill; and the Supply to Richmond, except at those particular Times, is cut off. — And being asked*

Whether there is any other Road from the Ferry, besides coming up the Hill ? he said, When the Water is very low, People can go that Way, but not in Times of Frost.

That there are several new Buildings carrying on at Richmond, and it would be advantageous to the Town

to be supplied with Bricks, Mortar, and other Con-veniencies for Building, and likewise to the Farmers and other Traders in Middlesex, if they had a Vent for the above Articles by Means of a Bridge.

Being asked, In going over Richmond Ferry, how far it is before you join the Great Western Road ? he said.

About 2 or 3 Miles; and by Kew Bridge to the same Place, 6 or 7 Miles; and by Kingston Bridge, 8 or 9.

That the Inhabitants of Richmond could with to have the Bridge at the End of Water Lane, from which there is a Carriage Way already, but not sufficiently wide, and cannot be widened without taking down a Building, which the Witness thinks will not be any Inconvenience to the Inhabitants, as almost all the Proprietors of Houses intended to be taken down have consented; and that if the Bridge is built, it will take off considerably from the Declivity of the Hill.

That Twickenham Park is the opposite Shore to Richmond; and if the Bridge is built any Way below the Ferry, the Communication into the County of Middlesex mutt pass through the Dutchess of Property.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis'

Vincent, Mr. Poivnall, and Lord Frederick do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Upton and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, I°dofure. in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord IVenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. M'Dozvallpresented to the House, according to Greenock

Order, a Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more Harb°ur-commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for making anew Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act Hopetoun, for vetting in John Earl of Hopetoun, and his Heirs, in

Fee ates‘

*3 Geo. III. 2° Martii. 163

Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his eritailed Estate, in the Counties of Haddington and Fife; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying-contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M‘ -

all, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Arkfndale Mr. /lot ham reported from the Committee, to whom

nt o re. g-jj and inclosing the Open Fields,

Stinted Pasture, Common, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fojirtd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Nicholas Scar ah, who is possessed of 25 Acres and 36 Perches of the Lands intended to be inclosed, and Owner also of Three Common Right Messuages, who refuled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 1,17a Acres 3 Roods and 33 Perches, and 40 Common Right Messuages, and 10 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Foreigners, A Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of

... £art British-built Ships to Foreigners, was read a Second

Shipowners, b

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said . Bill.

Walfgrave, Sir George Savile presented to the House, according

Inclosure *° ^r{^er’ a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Townshjip of JValfgrave, otherwise in the

Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

L-ave of Ordered, Thai the Lord Beauchamp have Leave to go

Absence. into t>ne Country on his private Affairs.

GUfs Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Manufactory. £0 ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to wrhom the Petition of the honourable Charles Fitzroy, the honourable Robert Digby, Peregrine Cujl, Thomas Dundas, John Mackay, Philip Affleck, Henry Da^ge, James Botirdieu, James Mowbray, Angus Mackay, Henry Hastings, Ranald Macdonald, and Samuel Chollet, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prefcot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 34.

Mr, Prefcot reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Prefcot accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass.

And Mr. Prefcot moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be therein named, and their Successors, writh proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass: And that Mr. Prefcot and Mr. Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- Haverhill, cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers &c.

of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Road*

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road " at Haverhill\to Red Cross, in the Parish of

" in the County of CambridgeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Thorpe mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze, and Waste *nclosure. Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amcotts,

Lord tfrownlozvBertie, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Houghton Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Inclosure-Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Town-ships, ;ind Liberties, of Houghton cum Wilton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Barre, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom Harpham the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure. Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow, or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Towniliip of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed 4

Mr.

Timber Trees, & c.

Yaxley

Drainage.

Protestant

Dissenters*

Kensington Glebe Lands

Sambourn

Indusure.

NafTcrd

Inclosure*

2° Martii. 177^.

Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Profervation of Timber " Trees, and of Woods, and Underwoods; and for " the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and " Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord

Carysfort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Tax/ey, in the County of Huntingdon, was referred, That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Wyng, being examined, said, That there are certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Parish, which are subject to be overflowed with Water, and are of very little Profit to the Proprietors thereof, and that if the same were properly drained and preserved from Floods, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Ludlow and the Lord Hitchingbrookdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry Hog/iton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

liefolyed. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the W’ords " this Day," and inserting the Word " Monday," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " this Day," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to enable the Vicar of in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ryder,. Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lind, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the Parish of Coughton, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other

Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Birlit^ham, in the County of

Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Ryder, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Churchill Churchill Common, within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in ^nclosure-the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and ii.closing,

within the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester,

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswelldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Execution of Criminal the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Laws. Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Allay Offices. Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Manner of conducting the several Allay Offices in London, York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, , and cajlleupon Tyne, and the Manner in w'hich Wrought Plate is allayed and marked, and also into the Frauds and Abuses that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and Silver Plate, and Plated Work.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Ways and the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Means, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1773.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Com. the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the Affairs — House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, *n?^oca finding themselves under the Necessity of applying to ’5 Parliament for Relief, hope they shall be esteemed worthy of the fame, in the Manner specified in the j

Propositions following:

That an Application be made to Parliament, for the Loan of £. 1,500,000, or so much as shall be wanted, by Instalments, for Four Years, at Cent, per Annum,

i3 Geo. III. i° — 3 0 M 165

nwn, with Liberty of re-paying the fame, as soon as the Company may be able, by Payments of not less than £. 300,000; and that the Company shall not divide more than 6 per Cent, per Annum, from Christmas last, until the said Loan shall be reduced to 750,000; and that then they may divide, not exceeding Eight per Cent, per Annum; and after the whole Loan shall be discharged, thenceforth the Surplus of the Nett Profits arising to the Company in , above the said Eight

per Cent, be appropriated to the Payment of the Company’s present Bond Debt, until the same shall be reduced- to 1,500,000; and that, from the Time such Reduction shall be effected, such Surplus Profits shall be equally divided between the Public and the Company; and that the Company be released from the heavy Penal Interest incurred by the Non-payment of Money due to the Public, by Virtue of the late Acts of Parliament respecting the Indemnity on Teas, and the Agreement for Payment of £. 400,000 per Annum, for Five Years, from the First Day of February 1769, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; and that authentic Copies of all Accounts of the Duannee Revenues, and the Charges of the Colledidn thereof, and also of the Civil and Military Expences of Bengal, be Annually laid before Parliament; and also that the Amount of the Company’s Sales, Charges* Debts owing. Amount of Bills drawn upon the Company, and of Goods in Ware-house, be also delivered Annually to Parliament; and that Leave may be given to export Teas, Duty-free, to America', and that the Deposits on the Purchase of Bohea Teas, which, by the Act of the Eighteenth of King George the Second, are fixed at £ 2. per Chest, be increased to £. 4 per Chest; and that the Lords of the Treasury be empowered, upon Petition from the East India Company, to grant Liberty for exporting any Quantity of Tea to Foreign Parts, free of all Duty, the Company being obliged to keep in their Warehouses a Quantity of Tea equal to Eighteen Months national Consumption; and the Company beg Leave to allure Parliament, that they will forthwith consider and pror pose such Regulations as shall appear proper and effectual, for the more advantageous Management of their Affairs, and for the due Administration of Justice in India.

And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Aid and Power as are necessary for effectually carrying the said Propositions into Exe-r cution.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Affairs.'*a Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,3* Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Arkendale A N ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Common, and

Wastes, within the Manor of in the West

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and ir.dosing the Open Fields, Vol. 34.

Stinted Pasture, Common, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Witton le Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, within the Townships of Wilton le IFear and Inclo£re> North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Wilton le Wear,

in the Manor of Wolfingham, in the 'County Palatine of Durham :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing *the Open and Com- Sheafby, toon Fields and Common, Pastures of in the

Parish of Knaptoft, arid County of Leicester, was read nc urc‘ a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Raima, Mr. Tudway, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Bill to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Esquire, Blanchard’* how called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, Namc‘ to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Saint Leger, Sir John Palmer, &c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House Com and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *>rovifion1' to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Alexander Gilmour also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolveft, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Com and Provisions.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Upwell an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Drainage* " An Act for draining and improving certain Fen *" Lands, within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and " Outweti, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney,

" in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and " Norjolk," so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popham's Eau, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and improving certain Fen " Lands, within the Manor and Parishes of Upwell and " Out well, and in the Parishes of Denver and , in

U u " thp

i <56

30 Mar

J. 1773.

Poor

Persons

Annuities.

Maugan Forth, &c. Canal.

Gravesend.

See.

Paving.

Devon Poor.

Mailing

Street*

See.

Roads.

Lord Clare’s See.

Qualification.

Roogemont (Devon) Courts of Justice.

" the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and " folk," so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on

the South Side of Popham's Eau.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Restrictions, be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Praedreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and continuing a Navigable Cut or Canal, from Maugan Forth, through the several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Colnmb Major, Little Colon, and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb , in the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Conir mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tha Committea had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon and Mr-Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<Sfc for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and Wefi Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravejendand Milton, in the county of ; and for lighting the other Streets, and for removing all Encroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effec-"tual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon 'and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurji Green, through the Parishes of Etchingliam and Burzvash, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County; so far as relates to the Roads from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurji Green, through the Parishes of Etehingham and Burzvash aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Ellis, and Charles

Jenkinson, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the Shire Hall of the County o and for building a new' Shire Hall in a more com-

Suaitli,

*c.

Inclosure.

modious Manner; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Townships of Smith and Cowick, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Armthorpe Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields; Inclosure. Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor anu Parish of Armthorpe, in the West Riding of the County of York-,without any Amendment. f

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Eifl whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Iriclosure; Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Pastures;

Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Haddon, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and, foUnd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Yard Lands, and One Quarter of a Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed con fills of 38 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bilb and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed*

A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Turnpike of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regu- RoaJs. lating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, And for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Sir Thomas Frankland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, accord- SwalclitT., ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open kc. and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying Cloture, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Szvalcliffe, in the County of Oxford: And tire same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Fead a Second Time.

A Petition of a great Number of His Majesty’s Sub- Protedmt jects, the Protestant Difienting Ministers, and likewise ^>^e, Uers* others of his Majesty’s Subjects difienting from the Church of England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being informed. Application is making to the House for a Bill for the Relief of Protestant Diilenting Ministers, in- the Matter of Subscription, and for the obtaining Relief for Tutors and Schoolmasters; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied with the present Mode of Qualification, prescribed in the Act of Toleration, from a full Co*-viction, in their own Consciences, that the Articles of she Church of England, as now by Law estabihheJ, arc-true and important; and consider them as the Balls of their Hope, and the moll powerful Incentive to a fin-cere, stedfast, and chearful Obedience, and are contained in the Holy Scriptures; and that, by altering

the

i3 Geo. III. 3 ' Martii 167

the Law, it would set aside those eflentialDo&rines contained in the Articles of the Church of on the

Faith of which the Reformation was founded, as well as it would become the Occasion of Difl'ention and Ani-mofity amongst Brethren, with whom we wish a Continuance of the most cordial Harmony; and of weakening, if not dissolving, that pleasing Union, which happily subsists between the Established Church and those who cliflent from it: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners maybe heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law; and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, be'read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel; against the said Bill* upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Call of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for calling over

the House. jjie |sjames Qf such Members as upon this Day Fortnight made Default to appear, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Lid of such Members being called over, several of them appeared; and several of th|m were excused, some upon Account of their Illness; some as being in 1 own, some as being Abroad, and others as having had Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Names , of such Members as have shade Default to appear, and have not been exculed, be again called oVer upon this Day Fortnight.

Foreign Air. Jackson presented to the House, according to *>r°NaultS ^rc*er> a Bhi to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America; and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protedants as have served, or shall serve as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal 5 Regiment, or as Engineers in America: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mutiny Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and ecrtion. js Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Maiedy’s Domi-. nions in America: And that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

East India The House Was moved, that the Order made Yester-Company’s day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee ffairs' of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Protestant The House Was moved, That the Order made Yes-Diffenurs. terday, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, upon Tuesday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tim& upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vol. 34.

A Petition of the Artificers and Labourers in His DockYard*-. Majesty’s several Dock Yards, being offered to be pre- r"nj*rs l'ented to the House.' Labourers.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, unwilling to shew any Discontent, have; for a long Time, struggled with Difficulties, to support themselves and Families, upon their present Wages, Which, having been settled near a Century past, and not altered ft nee, are foftind inefficient to give that Support, which, they hope; an industrious and useful Body of People may well deserve; that the great Advance of Price on all the Necessaries of Life, has rendered that Allowance inadequate to the Petitioners necessary Wants, which, at the Time of its first Institution, must have been an ample and generous Provision; and that the great Difference ill the Value of Money has made an ell'ential Alteration, to the Petitioners Loss; and that, though some Perquisites are allowed ill Addition to their Wages, as well as extra Work in the Summer Time, yet they find themselves under great Difficulties to support themselves and Families, with every Attention to the most plain and rigid (Economy; and though the Petitioners would hope, that a small Addition might be made to their Pay, yes, being willing to relinquish all Perqtiifites from the taking of Chips, they apprehend, that the Expence of the Dock Yards would not be thereby irt-creased, but, with proper Regulations, might afford a comfortable Maintenance to the Artificers, at little or no additional Expence to Government: The increased Wages of the private Dock Yards, the lowest of which are One Third more than the Petitioners, sufficiently evince the Reafohableness of this their Request; and they apprehend, that the great Improvement made of late Years in the Method of executing their Work, would in some Measure compensate for an additional Pay: The waiting a considerable Time for Payment of their Wages, makes a Reduction in their Value; being obliged to take up Money at Interest, to defray their necessary Expences till the Pay comes in; and this, under the improved Regulation, is only once every Four Months: And, that the Petitioners have already applied to His Majesty, the Admiralty and Navy Boards, who are all sensible of their Hardships, but unable to grant them a proper Relief, without the Interpofilion of Parliament; and they hope that their great Distress, together with the Importance of the Service in which they are engaged, may be considered an Object worthy its Attention: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.. and to grant them such Relief as may, upon the fullest Enquiry, be thought fit, leasonable, and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean$-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Newark,

&c.

Roads*

Brighthelm-

done

Paving.

Blefington’s

Will.

Militia*

Com and Provisions.

4*

168

Marlii.

A. 1773

yovisj 4* die Martii; Anno 13° Georgii IIItl1 Regis, 1773.

Praters.

A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

A, Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, at the Guide Post, on the Fo/sRoad, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of , to

join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post, on the Fo/s Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. IVillotighby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town of helmftone, in the County of SuJJ'ex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Qoaft safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of William Earl of in the Kingdom

of Ireland, deceased. Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered That Mr. Morton do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Mr. Morton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Duties payable upon Beer or Bigg imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of middling British Beer or Bigg, shall be at or above the Price of Twenty-

four Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1 That a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter be laid upon Beer or Bigg imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of middling British Beer or Bigg shall be at or above the Price of Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable upon Pease and Beans respectively, imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of middling British Pease and Beans shall be respectively at or above the Price of Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter be laid upon Pease and Beans respectively, imported into this Kingdom, when the Price of middling British Pease and Beans shall be respectively at or above the Price of Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, when the Price of middling British Beer or Bigg shall be under Twenty-two Shillings per Quarter, a Bounty, not exceeding Two Shillings per Quarter, be allowed upon the Exportation of all Beer or Bigg of the Growth of this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Corn- Tuesday last, for taking into further Consideration, To- Importation morrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of p atK*. the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the xPortauon-Importation and Exportation of Corn, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions, and which have been agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon, and Mr.

Leeds:

Gailes

Inclosure.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Ga'tles Moor, in the Township and Manor of Dalton Traverse, otherwise Gailes, in the Parish of Kirby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cromwell for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure. Common Pastures, Rpd Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromtvell, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brinkhill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste.

Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill, in the County of Lincoln -, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew'.

The House being informed, that Mr. Box-, from the Westminster Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Paving.

Squares,

J

Goxhill

Inclosure.

Aftley Abbotts, &c. inclosure.

r:

13 Gfco. III. 4* Martii. 169

Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of minster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and Parts

adjacent, from the 7th Day of January 1772, to the 24th Day of November 1772, both inclusive; also, an Account of all Contracts and Agreements, made by the said Commifl'oners, from the 7th Day of January 1772, to the 24th Day of November 1772, both inclusive: And also.

Copies of the General State of Accounts of the Receivers to the Commissioners for paving, £sV. minster, from Lady Day 1771, to Lady Day 1772.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dundasreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of

Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Ten Acres of Land intended to be inclosed, and Six Cottages; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 7,001 Acres, 89 Messuages, and 93 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Major Whitmore presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round A3on, Morvill, Barrow, Much Wenlock, and AJlley

in the County of Salop: And thfe same was received; and read the First Time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and John , Gentleman, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill should be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the honourable Sir Thomas Whitmore, Knight of the Bath, Lord of the Manor of AJlley Abbotls, in the County of Salop, and Patron of

the Parish Church of AJlley.Abbotts, being a Donative

-of the Reverend Henry Whitmore, Clerk, Batchelor of Laws, Minister of the said Parish of Ajiley Abbotts, Sir Richard A3on, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Round A3on, in the said County, and Patron of the Parish Church of Round A Aon, and Impropriator and Owner of the Rectory and Tithes of Round A don aforesaid, and also Lord of the Manor of in the Parish

Vol. 34.

of Morvill, in the said County, and Lord of the Manor of Wenlocks Walton, Atterley, and Barrow, in the said County, and Impropriator and Owner of the Tithes of Wenlocks Walton and Atterley aforesaid, Arthur Esquire, Impropriator and Owner of the Rectory and Tithes of Morvill aforesaid, George Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of the M in the said County of Salop, and Patron of the Parish Church of Willey, in the said County of Salop, the Reverend John Clerk, Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the said Parish of Willey, Brooke Forester, Esquire, Thomas Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements, within the said Manors and Parishes, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Almy and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Great Britain to America, horn January 5th 1763, to ‘January5th 1773: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported to any Country, not being Part of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, from the 5th Day of January 1760 to the 5th Day of January 1773; distinguishing the several Countries to which exported, and the Port of London from the Out Ports; from that Part of Great Britain called England: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Salt imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the 5th of January. 1760, to the 5th of January 1773; distinguishing each Year, the Countries from whence imported, and the Port of London from the Out Ports: And also.

An Account of the Foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from 1769 to ChristmtfS 1772; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tar ble, to be perused by the Members of the" House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

X x Vetter is.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Custom-

House

Accounts*;

56 Marth. 1773.

V mens, 5 Martii;

Anno 13* Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Beuseville’i A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nat* £\. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maugan An ingrossed Bill for making and continuing a navi-Forth, &c. gable Cut or Canal, from Maugan Forth, through the Canal. Several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Major, Little

Colon, and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb Forth, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That' the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and continuing a navigable Cut or Canal, from Maugan Forth, through the several Parishes of Maugan, Saint Columb Major, Little , and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb Forth, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

East Haddon An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. antJ Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And, that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Heath, Lot, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle, Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton, do carry to the

, Lords the ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the

oa ra e. gjxtjj Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the " Ports of Newcastle and Sunderlandand desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Farnboroogh Sir Charles Farnaby reported from the Committee,

Road. whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlar-

ging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well, at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tingewick, Mr. James Grenville presented to the House, accord-Scc. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Indofure. monSj Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tingewick and Rad dive cum Chackmore, in the County 7

of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Mildenhall to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, (l* DiUnd) an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of raina£c* his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties " of Suffolk and Norfolk, between River

" South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded " on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East by " Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands " of Mildenhall-, and for impowering the Governor,

" Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly " called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen bands lying " within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested " Lands," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First DiJlriEl described in the said Act, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 1,800 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained consist of 14,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bjll, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom T"rnP!ke the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Roads* Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of Foreign the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for Pro£j^n* naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others as are settled, or mall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Mutiny and Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for Deferuon. punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s

Militia.

Westminster Nightly Watch, &c.

Yaxley

Inclosure.

Thorpe Mandeville Exchange and Tubes.

13 Geo. III.

Majesty’s Dominions in Amewas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, 1773, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty ot and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, the Earl Percy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Taxley, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Ptolomy Humfrey, Clerk, John Jephcott, Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea, his Wife, the Reverend George Maule, Clerk, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Ptolomy Humfrey, John Jephcott, Catharina Dorothea, his Wife, and Rickard Jennens, Esquire, have presented a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to exchange a Messuage, and certain Closes, in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, and for other Purposes; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and other Owners of Lands and Estates, in Thorp Mandeville, if they were enabled to exonerate the same from Tithes: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill prayed for by the said former Petition, there may be a Clause, to enable, as well the said Petitioner, Ptolomy Humfrey, in rpfpedt of his Temporal Lands and Estates in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, as the other Petitioners, and other Owners of Lands and Estates there, to exonerate the same from Tithes, upon the Terms, and in the Mariner, in the said Bill to be expressed. ' ';

Ordered, That the said Petition' be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Reverend Ptolomy Humfrey, Clerk, and the Reverend John . Jephcott, Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea, his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes, in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorj> Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two

i7r

small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid. Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of Weston, in the County of Northampton,

Esquire; and for the letting out, assigning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein-mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instru<ftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Poor-Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the better Sup- A^!^s port of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by en- nnui abling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain Rellritflions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided. *

The Noes went forth.

Tdter, for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes, j JJr ^Nichdson } 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 26. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " this" in Line 26, and insert " our Hands, and affix-.

ed our Common Seal" instead thereof; and to leave out " L. S." in the Form, and insert " the " Common Seal of the Parish of in the County of " instead thereof.

Pr. 23. 1. 20. After " Poor" to insert " in Manner herein after directed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Support of poor Persons, in certain Circumstances, by enabling Parishes to grant them Annuities for Life, upon Purchase, and under certain restrictions. ';

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdesivell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the East India* Company do lay before East India this House, a List of the Names of all the Proprietors Company, of East India Stock; distinguishing the Principal Stock 'each Proprietor now, holds, and the Time when such ' Proprietors became possessed thereof.

Mr. Cdoper presented to the House, pursuant to their Treasury Address to His Majesty, Surpluffe*.

Surplusses, Hated the'5 th Day of April 1772: And also.

Surpluses, Hated the 10th Day of October 1772.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followed!; viz.

50 Martii.

Vol. 34. ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the fai'd S U R P L U 3 S E S, Gated the 5th Day of April 177,

-a

Tie EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND ——

x To Calli remaining the re on the iothDay of October 1771, for the Disposition of Parliament

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 5th Day of April 177a; <wa. £. /. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund brought from Account (Folio 1) 646,255 18 8£

D° - - of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) - - - - 148,049 12 5! D° -- of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) - -- -- - 299,64614 1

To Money arisen by Sale of Unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act 11® Georgii i* -.....- -

To Money paid into the Exchequer for Conscience Sake....

*>093,95* 5

42 18 y\ 203 18 —

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1772, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; Fine. £, /. d.

The additional Sump Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 40 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 2^ - -- - - - - -- - - - 14,108 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters,

granted per Ad 160 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to D° 9,652 — — Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2for the Service of the Year 1745, to this

Account pursuant to D° - - -.....-.....20,114 19 11

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -- - 24,619 7 2

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - 37,408 3 —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -------- - 136,340 4 1 of

The Doty of 6 d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an’Ad 6°

Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ..... ----- 27 16 lof

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii a*4 - - -- -- 2,355 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii 3d1, and the Arrears of the Duties on D® repealed thereby,

brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act.....86.953 16 jo

The Duty of 3 /. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl - -- -.....118,889 6 2f

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2d‘ --- -- - - -- - 2,817 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued

by an Act a° Georgii a<H, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to au Ad 28° Georgii 2di - -- - 26,261 7 iof

Dr. 13C+16 —

Per Contra - —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of January 1772, being after the Rate of£. f per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £ 39,281*521. 5'* 1 subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 29°, 32°, and 33° Georgii 2d,

and 40, 6®, 70, 8J and 10° Georgii 3d1, in that Behalf.....- - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the saki Annuities, for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of April 1772’, being after the Rate of £ 3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sun* or £. 19,183,323.- 16/. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25° Georgii 2^, and 50 Georgii 31*, in that Behalf -

By D», for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year ——

By Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of January 1772, being after the Rate of£. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund toward* the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to an Act 24? Georgii 2ji, in that

By the Company of Merchants trading to th* South Seas, &c. for Half a Yearfs Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the same Act in that Behalf ——

By Cacti taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32® Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1772 -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by air Ad 50 Georgii 3tJ‘, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 177 2 ——

I By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of Apnl 1772*, on £. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £.20.240,000 (made One Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2° Georgii 3d*) is reduced by the Sum of £ 1*253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annul ties, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3*4 -

By D’, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the fanve Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the B ink of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 2° Georgii 3th, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3*, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1772 - -

By D*, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758: Which said Management is charged on this Fund, by aClause in the said Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1772 -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1772 of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2P1, with a Moiety of £ 93*217. 10/. 1 d.per Annum charged upon the Duties on Houses and Windows,.

O'.

589,222 16 4f 10,966 iS 61

287,749 17 if

5 »395' 6

J,'5°o-----

590 12 6 14,822 10 —

270-----

379,7,6----

5.339 *7

IZ+,125----

*'7+5 *>

6 5 —

CJT

9

<1

Uk>

O

Q

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act l® Goorgilt* \ for railing the Sum of £. 1,750,0^0 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank

O of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28°

Georgii 2di - -- -- -- - 9,907 13 8

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable

Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2y° Georgii 2dl - 32,788 — — ’

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di - -- - 6,258 — — '

The several Rates and Duries payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii zdi ---- 5.986 — —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers granted by an Act 30° Georgii zdl, brought to this Account pursuant

to an Act 32° Georgii 2di - -.....31,723 — —

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like ---- 5,753 4 1

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - 1,194 11 loi

To D° — of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like 18,804 3 11 To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33°

Georgii 2dl - -- -- -- - - - 106,610 12 —

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ---- 2,395 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee per Acts 320 Georgii 2dI,

and 50 Georgii 3^ -- ------- - 1,684 — —

To thj Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

20 Georgii 3tU.....-..... 22,398 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2^, and 6° Georgii 3lli, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6°

Georgii 3* - -- -- -- - 149,298 — "

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii

3t,lf and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - - 27,720 — —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, brought

to this Account pursuant to one other A ft 2° Georgii 3ni - - - - 61,060 — -

To the additional Duty on Strong Rear and Ale, granted by an Act i°

Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3*11 - *7»193 " T# the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, lie. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5° Georgii ilil.....- 6,160 17 7i

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Affnrance, the like - - - 5^7 — ~

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3cli - - *»9°4 * 10

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought SHks, &c. granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6® Georgii 7 9»°S1 *5 1

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings

imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70

Georgii 3,u - - 4»$37 15 ®

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3°

Georgii 3tU, brought to this Accoant pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3fil - 29^63 — 7%

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry granted by an Act 6° Georgii

3t!i, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii

w *ti, . :..... $>6%t-

co —

H

W

o

H

*»24Si

793 '6

granted by an Act 6* Georgii }'u, for answerlna; and paying Annuities at the Bant

of England* in respect of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 31 ' Georgii a*1', for the Service of (he Year 1758* which Sum ii to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1772, pursuant to an Act 120 Georgii 3lii, being the Surplus of this Fond, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 10th Day of OQobtr 1771 ——

By Cadi taken further towards the Supply of the Year 1772, pursuant to the said Act 120 Georgii 3lii, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of parliament on the $th of January 1772 - - - -.

36,541 4 nf o

w

136,416 — 8f O

55,193 6 1 if

1,671,010 6 4$

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1772, for the Disposition of Parliament - -- --..... - 805,398 13 2

*,476,408 19 6\

This being the Ninety-ninth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 1"* (Page 367) is humbly presented this 5th Day of 1773, by me

Cooper.

cn

9

Sr339»99* 18

*,476,408 19

4

ABSTRACT of the faicf SURPLUSSES, stated the iQth Day of October

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND — -------------- — -------- — D‘«

To Cast remaining thereon the 5th Day of j^r/7 1772, for the Dtipofoion of Parliament ---- 80^39813

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1772; Viz. £. s. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) ----- 714,15915 5!

D* — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) - - - - 68,237 — 8|

D° — of the General Fand, brought from Account (Folio 5).....- - - 399*72013

To Money arisen by Sale of nnrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act ri° Georgii 1"* - -- -- - - -- - _

To Money paid into the Exchequer for Conscience Sake - - -- - 100

To Money paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady Anne-Jekyll, pursuant to an Act 12° Georgii 3lU - - -.....------ 2,290

4 l*

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1772, pursuant to the

several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. £. s. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year^^i, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 50 Georgii 2dl - -- -- - 19,088 18 8

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters,

granted per A ft 16° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to D° 17*823 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -- -- 24,900 4 3

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -- 31,874 8 4

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant toD° - - - 48,711 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -- - 172,690 7 3§

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii iDli, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -- - 7 it 9

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or

vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii act - -- - 4,688 5 3

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii 3th, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto, repeaitd thereby,

brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ----- 91,500 10 5J

The Duty of 3 /. 4d. per Bushel on Sait, brought to this Account

pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di - -- 98,847 19 —

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British

or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 70 Georgii 2di - -- -- -- 6,736 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act z° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant tQ an Act 28° Georgii a4* - - - - -- -- - 32,851 9 2*

iPer Contra ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of£*g/W, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of July 1772, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 39,281,521. 5 /. lid. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250, *8°, 290, 32°, and 330 Georgii 2dl, and 40, 6°, 7*, 80, and 10° Georgii 3111, in that Behalf ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for 3 Months Interest due the 5th Day of July 1772, on £. 318,300 subscribed, pursuant to, and upon the Terms granted in, an Act of last Session of Parliament, Part of the principal Sum 0 f£. 19,183,323. lbs. 4 d. being the Joint Suck of Annuities consolidated, and made tra Deferrable at the Bank of England, by Acts 250 Georgii 2dtf and 50 Georgii 3th ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of D°, for the same Time -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Interest due the toih Day of October 1772, being after the Rate of £. 3. per Centum per Annum, on the Sum of £ 18,865,023. 16/. 4 d. Residue of the said principal Sum of £. 19,183,323. 16/. 4 d. consolidated and made transferable at the Bank of by the aforesaid Acts -

By D°, for Charges of Management of D°, for the same Half Year -

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5 th Day of July 1772, being after the Rate of£. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf - -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c.for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act ——

By Caih taken to answer Annuities on Single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii zdl,

for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 177a - - -....

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3% for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1772 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of 08ober\yji, on/. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 made One Joint Stock of £. 4per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2° Georgii 3111, is reduced, by the Sum of £.1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3th ——

! By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cafoier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3ri, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5 th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3th, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July1772 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for j Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Mil-.

Bi Lons borrowed pursuant to the Aft3i°Gror^/V adi, for the Service of the Year 1758; which said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said. Act, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1772 -

C'.

£. / d.

589,222 16 41 10,966 18 6$

2,387 5 —

44 15 *1

28*»97S 7 1} Cn 5»3°5 'S 9 O.

31,500-----

590 i» 6

*4»73®----

270-----

379»7*6----

5=339 *7 *4

124,125-----

*»74S «o i|

l*4o$ 5 —

MartH. 1773.

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2d<, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Aonuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant -to the said Act 26° Georg id 2dl ——

The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2^ -Thjjr additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pijriuant to one other Act 290 Georgii z1'1 -

The levpral Rates and Duties payable by all Persons Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2:i -

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and purred Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought 10 thii Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii zil ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

The Surplus of the New Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like - -

D° — — of the Duties on Licenses to retail Spirituous Liquors,

the like - -- -.....-

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, gra&ed by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Gemgii 2di ——

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

The additional Inland Doty on Coffee, per Acts 3a0 Georgii 2di, and 50 Georgii 3l,i ——

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Act 240 Georgii 2di, brought ta this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3tJ - -

The Duties upoji Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii adi, and 6° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts a* and 6° Georgii 3ai ——

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act z° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act z° Georgii 31"1 -

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3lli, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3th The additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, fcsfr. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50

Georgii f'..... - -

The additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like -

The additional Doty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3t41 - -

The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, kc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other, Act 6° Georgii 3111 - -

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3m -The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act z° Georgii 3UI, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3*" The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act b^ Georgii 3lU brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3*" - -

41,282 7 6?

21,32s 4 5 5»5J4 3

6.772-----

39.2‘i 2 —

6,889 40 I io.538 7 6f

I9»77° — "I 88,213 16 11

839 — —

2,026 — —

40*573 -

214,502 — —

37,946-----

2S3>3°5----

272,436-----

15,561 4 4§

1,176 2 —

1,500 — —

3 12 4»

3,000 — —

34,960 9 6

7,324- — o At

1,714,412 8

2,898,920 3

To Cash brought from the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 177*, purseant to an Act 120 Georgii 3"*, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1771, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in respect of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of an Act, made in the 3 ill Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Ser-O viceof the Year 1758.....-----.....-

2,941,365 8

42,445 5 5

3,746,764 1

rCtSh taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5 th Day of July \yyZi of the Tax on Offices and Pensions, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2d|, with a Moiety of £.93,217. 10/. 1 d. per Annum, charged on the Duties upon Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, for answering and paying Annaities at the Bank of England* in respect of Five Millions borrowed by virtue of the said Act 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, pursuant to a Clause in the said Act in that Behalf ——

!By Calli taken towards the Supply of the Year 1772, pursuant to an Act 120 Georgii 3til, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1772 ——

By Cacti taken in Part or £. 1,856,723. 1 /. 2 d. granted by the said Act, 120 Georgii 3tU' further towards the Supply of the Year 1772 -

This being the One hundredth Half-yearly Account, made of pursuant to an Act ?° Georgii i®4 (Page 367) is humbly presented this cth Day of March 1773, by me

Grey Coop er.

21,704 6 61 805,398 1J T

1,469»324 3,746*764 i 9i

C*\

o

13 Geo. III.

17 6 ' 5° Ma1773.

Ordered That the (kid Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Navy The Lord Nome reported frottt the Committee, to Captain*, whom the Petition of the Captains of His Majesty’s Navy, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Your Committee find, That by the Deficiency of the Appointmens and Provision made in that Re-spedl, many of the junior Captains, who have no Means of Subsistence except their Half Pay, are under the greatest Difficulties to provide for their Support when out of Employment.

That the Twenty senior Captains of the Navy, intitled to Half Pay, now receive Ten Shillings each; the next Thirty, Eight Shillings; the next Forty, Six Shillings; the next Fifty, Five Shillings; and all the junior Captains, without Distinction, only Four Shillings each, a Day. On which Allowance of Four Shillings, the said junior Captains may probably remain Fifteen, or a greater Number of Years, before they obtain a Place on the Five Shillings Lift; whilst their greatly inferior Officers the Captains of Marines, enjoy a Half Pay of Five Shillings a Day, from the Time they are advanced to that Rank in the same Profession.

That the Half Pay to the Captains of the Navy, being regulated by that Part only of their Sea Pay, called their Personal Pay, is not a Moiety of the Whole Pay provided for them when in actual Service.

That his Majesty King Charles the Second did, in the Year 1674, direct a Provision of Half Pay, the First Time granted to the Captains of the Navy, to be made for those who had commanded Ships of the First and Second Rate in Time of Peace, " equal to the " Value of Half the Pay usually allowed by his Majesty, " in Time of Service, to Commanders and Captains " of like Quality."

That King ’’James the Second, making farther Alterations in the Establishment of the Navy, did, in the Year 1686, order an Allowance of Table Money to be made, in Addition, and nearly equal, to the then Pay of the Captains in the different Classes, according to the Rate of the Ships they respectively commanded. And though he promised them other Encouragement, it does not appear to your Committee that he made any Provision for their Support on Shore; but that, in conference of such Allowance of Table Money, he cancelled several Perquisites they before enjoyed.

That the Allowance of Table Money ending with the Reign of that Prince, his Successor, King William the Third, was pleased, in the Year 1693, to establish, in Place thereof, an Allowance of Double Pay to Captains of Ships of the First, Second, Third, Fourth,* Fifth, and Sixth, Rates, whilst on Service; and Half the Amount of such Pay to Captains of First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Rates, in Order (as the Establishment expresses) " for their more comfortable " Support and Maintenance whilst on Shore."

That the Fund provided for the Establishment of such enCreased Sea and Half Pay ending with the War, his said Majesty King William was pleased to order another Scheme of Pay for the Officers of the Fleet to be prepared; and the same being adopted by this House, in the subsequent Year 1700, in Part of the Plan for the Reduction of the Naval Expences, then under Consideration, the said Double Pay, and encreased Half Pay, were reduced One Third in Amount to those Officers respectively: Whereby it appears to your Committee, that, notwithstanding the Assurances given for the Encouragement of those Officers during the Wa$» on the supposed certain Enjoyment of an adequate Provision for their Support in Time of Peace, they were not only disappointed thereof, to save an inconsiderable Expence in the Estimate of the Half Pay, as stated in, your Journals; but likewise, that in Place of the Allowance of Half Pay, provided for One hundred and Fifty-two Captains in the several Classes as before-mentioned, comprehending nearly the whole Number of Captains then on the Lifts, the Establishment of Half Pay last instituted was confined to the Fifty senior Captains only, in total Disregard of the Royal Declaration and Engagements.

That in the Year 1715 a farther Regulation of the Half Pay was made, on the Plan of the Sea Pay ella-blished in 1700, and the Benefit of Half Pay thereby extended to all the Captains of the Navy, without Distinction, who should be, from Time to Time, out of Employment. I11 which State the JHalf Pay of the Captains of the Navy hath continued, with little or no Variation, unto this-Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to take into His Consideration the Deficiency ox the Allowance to several of the Junior Captains and Commanders in His Majesty’s Navy, for their Support when out of Employment; and that He will direct such Addition to be made thereto, proportioned to the present Establishment for the Senior Captains, over and above the Provision made for the Year 1773, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building West- Westminster minster Bridge, being offered to be presented to the Bridge. House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth'. That the Petitioners are, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his late Majesty King Gernge the Second, constituted, appointed, and -continued, Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Wcolstaple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining, preserving, and supporting, the same when built, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them . by the said Acts, have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built. Which has been passable many Years; and that the Petitioners have likewise, from Time to Time, proceeded with the greatest Caution and Frugality, in carrying into Execution the other Trulls reposed in them by the said Acts; and that the Petitioners find that they cannot make an effectual and constant Provision for the maintaining, supporting, cleaning, watching, lighting, paving, and gravelling, the said Bridge, and for preserving the same from Annoyances and other Damages, unless the House will grant them Monies for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bromsgrove and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of &c'

and of the several Parishes and Places in the Neighbour- °*

hood thereof, in the County oiWorceJ, wfiofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

and

*77

13 Geo. Ill, 5° —

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Reads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of in the County of Warwick, so far as the same Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley; and that the Petitioners are informed, it is intended by the said Bill to repeal so much of the said Acts as retrains the Trustees from setting up any Toll Gate or Gates between the Town of Dudley and a Common, or Heath, called Pet fuel Common, or , otherwise called Dudley.

Wood, being a very finall Part of the Road, which leads not only from the Town of Dudley, towards the

Town of Bromsgrove, but also to the Town of Cradley, and to a populous manufacturing Country, and to the Parishes of Rowley, Northfield,

and many other Parishes and Places near thereto, the inhabitants whereof pass over no other Parts of the said Road leading from Bromsgrove to Dudley than the small Part above-mentioned; which Restraint, if taken off, and any new Toll Gate was to be set up between these Places, it would be a grievous and unnecessary Burthen, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Dudley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, but to all the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Country for many Miles together, who have Occasion to relort to the Town of Dudley or the Markets there, or for the getting Coal and Lime for the Manure of their Lands: And therefore praying. That the Restriction inserted in the said former Acts, for the preventing the setting up any Toll Gate or Gates, between the said Town of Dudley, and the said Chace, or Common, called Penfnet Common or Chace, may be continued, and may not be repealed or altered by the new intended Ad,: and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel or Agents, against the inl'erting any Clause in the said intended Ad, for repealing or altering the Restrictions contained in the said former Acts, restraining the setting up any new Toll Gate, or Gates, within the said District.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Papply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Corn — Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Iimportation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exportation. Lhiufc, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the ’ Importation and Exportation of Corn.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning uext, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 54.

MattiL

Lunce, 8° dieMartii \

Anpo 13* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

SI R John Turner presented to the House, according king’s Lynti to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridge-men conducting Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port: and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein: And the same was received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Witton, Commons, within the Town ships of Witton le Wear, and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witton le ^nc, olure* Wear, in the Manor of Woljingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are A flay Offices, thereunto subscribed, being Goldsmiths, Silversmith, or Plate Workers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That Frauds and Abuses have been committed in the manufacturing of Gold or Silver Plate, in or near the Towns of Sheffield and,

or one of them; and that divers Artificers there have plated with Silver, Wares made of Iron, Steel, or other Metals, and impressed Marks thereon, in such Manner, that the Wares are made to appear like real Plate marked at an Assay Office; and, as a Committee is appointed to enquire into the Manner of conducting the several Assay Offices in London, York,

Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Manner in which Wrought Plate is allayed and marked; and also into the Frauds and Abuses that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and Silver Plate, and Plated Work: Therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in order to prove the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Manner of conducting the several Assay Offices in London, York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester,

Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Manner in which Wrought Plate is allayed and marked; and also into the Frauds and Abuses that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and Silver Plate, and Plated Work; and to examine, and report the fame, with their Observations thereon, to the House; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Exet"» the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the several Roads leading from Pim Pound, in the Parish of Pinhce, through Monkcrton, to the Great London Road, and through More Lane, in the Parish of Sowton, to the Red Poll, in the Topsham Turnpike Road, and from Broadcliji Heath, in the Parish of Broadclfl, to the Crown and Scepter, in the said Parish, and from thence through the Parishes of Rockbere and Aylejbere, to the Z z Lyme

i^-

Ross (Hereford) Roads* .

Kington,

&c.

Roads.

Bristol

Theatre.

Mildenhall (ill Distridfc) Drainage.

178 8° MaftiL A. 1773*

Lyme Turnpike Road on Aylejbere , and from Woodbury Hill, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends,

over the said Hill, through the Hamlet of Yattington, in the Parish of Bitkton, to the Pillar, at the Four Cross Ways, at the End of Bitkton Lane; and also the Road from Streetway head, in the Parish of , to

Fair Mile Bridge, in the Parish of Ottery Saint (which several Roads communicate with the Roads intended to be repaired by the said Bill) are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and dangerous: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for reparing the said several Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recprds.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bjll for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through The Hall , so far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley’s Mountain, to Eardifley, to Almely, to Eck Green, to Eardisland,

to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Bristol, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick-dale, Mr. Laroche, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tire Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Me of Ely, and " Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall " River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North,

" bounded on the West by the River , and on the " East by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard " Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens,

" commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen " Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly " called Invejted Lands,*' so far as the same relates to tire several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First Difiriit described in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties " of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River " South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the West by the River Ouse, and on the East " by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard " Lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, com* " monly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands " lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called " Invejled Lands," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the First DiJlriEl described in the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill " to Red Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Cambridge," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Galey Common, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Bagot, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenhall and Latchford, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Sir William Meredith, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Bagot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad Silford, otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground, within the Township of East Cottingivith, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the farne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common

Fen,

Haverhill

Road.

Galey

Inclosure.

GroprenhaH,

&c.

Incioiurc,

K'nfare

Inclosure.

S.vslclilFe, Stc. Inclosure.

East Cotting-with Inclosure.

Helprim»ham

Inclosure.

13 Geo. III. 8° Marti. 179

Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

H.ickonby Lord Brovjnlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-inclosure. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of , in the County of

Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Montgomery Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

Roads. of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Me-

rioneth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the WGate, in , and the Towns of Pool and Of and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

BreaJ — The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs

Fention from of the City of London attended at the Door, he was 0 on* called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the great Distress, which the industrious Poor of this Kingdom now suffer, from the Scarcity and Deamefs of Bread, caiis for the immediate Interposition of the House; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that a Bounty should be given, by Parliament, upon a limited Quantity of Wheat to be imported into any of the Ports in this Kingdom, between the 31st of March and the last Day of July next: And therefore praying the House to take this most important Matter into their lerious Consideration, and to grant such Relief as shall ieeni meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present high Price of Com and Provisions;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till day Morning next.

Stamford, Mr. George Bridges presented to the House,

-according to Order, a Bill for ^repairing and widening Roads. (|)e j{oa(j from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gale, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, -through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's C/ofe, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 34-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House, Prellon according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows; nco re' Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Preston, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That thfc Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Henry Bridgeman presented to the House, accord- Tryfull, ing to Order, a Bill for dividing several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Tryfull and Seif don, ncoure' in the Parish of Tryfull, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac- Lanchester cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- inclosure. tain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Jhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill Common*, for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regula- ^c* tion, of the Common Arable Fields, Waites, and Tythe*

Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and for adjust- thereof,

ing the Tithe thereof: And that Sir Richard Sutton,

Sir William Dolben, Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Skipwith, and Sir Charles Bunbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for deepening, deanfing, and making more Greenock commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock’, Harbour, &c. and for making a new Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M‘Dow-all, Lord Frederick Campbell, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Amcots presented to the House, according to Haltham, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open &c. and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Com- inclosure. mon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors of Haltham cum R ought on, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons Falfgrave and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township &c. of Walfgrave, otherwise Faljgrave, in the Parish of inclosure.

Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Guernsey acquainted the House, That the Queen’s Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty, with the Answer to Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Address. Her Majesty accordingly, and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

This Repetition of your Duty to the King, and Attention to Me, calls forth my warmest Acknowlege-ments.

Mr.

i8o' 8 ° Marth 177.3*

Navy Mr. Ellis reported to the House, That their Address Captains. Fridaylaft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to take into His Consideration the Deficiency of the Allowance to several of the Junior Captains and Commanders in His Majesty’s Navy, for their Support when out of Employment; and that He would direct such Addition to be made thereto, proportioned to the present Establishment for the Senior Captains, over and above the Provision made for the Year 1773, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think fit} and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred on that Account) had been presented to His Majesty} and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will take the same into Consideration.

Foreign Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Protestants, tQ ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, atk upon the Bill to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others as are settled, or mall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America , and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in Ameritn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Goxhill An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several lndofure. Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Norton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Irchdler The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lndofure. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton} and also Two Pieces of Land or Ground, therein described, lying within the Parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington, irt the said County} without any Amendment: And also,

Bonsall, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c* Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, or lndofure. parccj Qf Land, called Bonsall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonsall, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Little Colonel Barre presented to the House, according to Stukeley Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields* Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received} and read the Firflt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Bri^hthelm-Lanes, and Places, within the Town oi Brighthelmflone, none

in the County of Sujfexj for removing Nuisances and PaVmS»*c* Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future j for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other -/

Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Mutiny, Ve. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing Two A its, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.:

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him !

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House; upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. ‘

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and.ChmP pany of Merchants of England trading into the Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pic fe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

that

13 Geo. III. 8° — 98

that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Means. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Timber A Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in Trees, the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ihti-

tuled, " An Act for the better Preservation of Timber

" Trees, and of Woods, and Underwoods; and for " the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and " Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed)

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Elections Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Voters!*1 Riding of the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of Voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be now read.

And the said Order being read aecofdingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholfc House, upon the said Bill.

Bromsgrove, Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according

Rwwii to Order, a BiH for enlarging and altering the Terms

°* and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and iii the 15th Yefar of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coarting A Motion was made, and the Question being pfo-Trade. posed. That a Committee be appointed, to enquire what Inconveniencies arise to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, from the present Practice of the Custom House Officers, founded on an Act, pafl'ed in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, " and regulating Abuses in His Majesty’s Customs ;, J by which Practice the Mailers of Coasting Vessels are compelled (except in certain Cafes) to take out Coast Cocquets, and to grant Bonds, with Sureties for land»

ing the Goods specified in such Cocquets in some Port or Creek of Great Britain;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of King George the First, iu-Vol. 34.

Martiu 18

tituled, An Act against clarideltine Running of Uricustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs,’* might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to preverlt the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarentine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production " of the British Plantations, to fufch Regulations as " other enumerated Commodities of the like Produc-" tions are subject," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under the " Management of One or more Commissions; and " for better securing and ascertaining the Duties on " Tobacco; and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, and other Goods and Merchandizes, or carrying the same Coastwise," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Inconveniencies arise to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, from the present Practice of the Custom House Officers, founded on an Act, passed in the 13th and 14th Years of the llcign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for pre- ' " venting Frauds, and regulating Abuses; in His Majesty’s Customs;" by which Practice the Mailers of Coasting Vessels are compelled (except in certain Cafes) to take out Coast Cocquets, and to grant Bonds, with Sureties for landing the Goods specified in such Cocquets, in some Port or Creek of Great Britain;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martiiy 9* diMartii; Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

MR; Knightley reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Ound/e and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for more effectually repairing the said Road ‘, and for repairing the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton, to the loll Gate at Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from a certain Place in the Parish of Lilford (where the London Way crosses the Turnpike Road leading from to

to the Turnpike Road from Thrapston to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 3 A Where

Peterbo-rough, &c. Roads,

182 9 Martii.-^.1773.

Where the Amendments were Once pead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Chatteris sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, ©pen Fields. to wjj0m the Bill for confirming and establiftung Articles of Agreement for flocking, feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Ch, in the Isle of and

County of Cambridge; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands lying in the Open Fields of Chatteris aforesaid, to fence the fame, was committed, That tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 30 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill, and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 165) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which thiy had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be

ingrossed.

Drayton-in- Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure w^om the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Jervis Wardley, whose Estate in the said Parish is assessed to the Land Tax at 7 An-

num, who refused to sign the Bill, but declared he should not oppose the same; and that the Whole of the Estates of the Proprietors within the said Parish are af-iefled to the Land Tax at £. 138. 3*. id. } per Annum) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Qno; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Foreign Mr. Jackson, according to Order, reported from the

Nat*"* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants and others as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America , and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of Ilispresent Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s 1

Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed. *

The House being informed that Mr. Michell, from East India the United Company of Merchants of England trading Affair*, to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names of all the Proprietors of East India Stock; distinguishing the Principal Stock each Proprietor now holds, and the Time when fych Proprietors became possessed thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon a lily Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for Abbot* dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste I^ofure. Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Alton,

Barrow, Muck Wenlock, and Ajlly Abbots, in the County of Salop, upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Inllant March.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Mutiny, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the *«

Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Americ* Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he re^d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in affiiling the said Company in carrying on th<?ir Trade.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Montgomery of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for &c-

repairing several Roads in the Counties of ^oa^S/

Merioneth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of lo much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stoae from the Welsh Gate, in

and

Foreigners

Skip

Owners*

East India Affairs.

Ditto:

13 Geo. III. . 90 — rio 0 Ma 183

and the Towns of Pool and; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the fVelJh Gate, in and the

Towns of Pool and Oswestry; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British-bxsilt Ships to Foreigners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Pitt to Mr. Stanley, dated Whitehall, 26th June 1761: And also,

N° 2. Extract of a Paper delivered to the Duke de Choiseul, containing the Ultimatum of the Court of Great Britain.

(Transmitted by the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Pitt to Mr. Stanley July 25, 1761): And also,

N° 3. Copy of the 13th Article of the Answer of the Court of Great Britain to the Ultimatum of the Court of France, delivered 10th 1761, by Mon-

sieur Bujfy, Minister Plenipotentiary from the Most Christian King.

(Sent to Mr. Stanley, 27th August 1761, by the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Pitt.)

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift Was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Secret Committee of the East India Company, respecting the proposed Attack of Mqnilha: And also,

Extract of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to the Governor and Council of Fort St. George, dated 21st January 1762: And also,

A Paper intituled, " Expences incurred by the East India Company, in the Expedition to an-

" tecedent to the Surrender of the Island" (which were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1771) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Great Britain to America, from January 5th 1763, to January 5th 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and

VpL. 34.

then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That, the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideratioti the Affairs of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Sxr Richard Sutton have Leave to make Common*, a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock. Waste*,

And he moved the House accordingly: And kc*

The Order made Yesterday, " That Leave be given " to bring in a Bill for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable " Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this " Kingdom, and for adjusting the Tithe thereof," being read;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to the adjusting of Tithes, be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis 1773.

Prayers.

MR. De Grey presented to the House, according to Bure

Order, a Bill for making and extending the Na- Navigation.-vigation of the River Bure (commonly called the North River) by and from Coltishall, to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, East Real to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open ("dofure* Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East fyal, otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

184

Ordered, That thfc Bill With the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Kington Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whorh iloads ^e of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

others, of the County of , was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Mr. John Clarke, being examined, said, That there is a certain Piece of Road, being about Half a Mile in Length, lying near to Wiliersley Turnpike Gate, in the Parish of Eardijley, in the said County of which is

very ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of in

the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall , so far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardijley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for repairing the Road from the End of one of the Branches of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said recited Act, in the Parish of Eardijley, to a Turnpike Gate in the said Parish, called Turnpike Gate.

lEffex Gaol. Mr. Conyers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cocks Mr. Torke repotted from the Committee, to whom the (Sir Charles) ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for vest-Eftace*. ing several Fee Farms, and other Rents, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising certain Copyhold or Customary Lands, within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Militia. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1773, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper tock the Chair of the Committee.

A. 1773.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which thiey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tire Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir William Dolben reported from the' Committee, to Thorp Whom the Bill to empower the Reverend - MandeviIIe

frey, Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcott, Clerk, and *

Cathariha Dorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Cloles, in Thorp Mandevill in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard of WeJ-

ton, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and for the setting out, aligning, and appointing, other Cloles,

Lands, or Griounds, of tire said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville' aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Ptolomy Humfrey, Clerk,

John Jephcott, Clerk, and Cathartna Dorothea, his Wife, the Reverend George Maule, Clerk, and others, was referred; That the Committee had confrdered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wish the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according td Birmingham Order; a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 9th Year Paving, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying " open and widening certain Ways and Passages within " the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and * lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there,

" and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Ob-" structions therein;" and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Wheat: the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Corn.ind Monday last. That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Al- rovi "* dermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled (relating to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of a limited Quantity of Wheat) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the present High Price of Corn and Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this Day Three Months,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Protestant Reading of the Bill for the further Relief of His Ma- Dlffentwv jesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

And

io° Martiu

13 Geo. III. to* —:

And the House being informed that tto Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "now," and.inferring at the End of the Question the Words " on " Monday next."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j sir Henr^tieg/ircn«» Trll!nfor, heN«,j e.} 3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolve^ That the said Bill be now read a Second Time, „

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being readj Cora Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day. Se-w»d venmght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ro on*. pjoufe> to conf1{jer further of the present high Price of Corn and Provisions.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

"Way* ai>d Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn*

Mean*. i0g next, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy n°;

Anno 13* Georgii III"' Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Peterbo- \ N ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an TORoad&C jljL Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his *' late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Peterborough, through and Thrapflone, to

Wellingborough, in the County of , and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and for repairing the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Elton, to the Toll-gate at Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from a certain Place in the Parish of Lilford where the London Way crosses the Turn-pike Road leading from Ound to Thrapflone, to the Turnpike Road from Thrapflone to Brampton Pound, in the said County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapflone, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton; and for . Vol. 34.

[i6Martii. 185

repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill forconfirming and establishing Ar- Chatteri* tides of Agreement, for flocking, feeding, using, cul- Opea F«ld*. tivating, And enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands, lying in the Open Fields of Chatteris aforesaid, to fence the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, and enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in ,in the

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also for ascertaining the Parts or Lots belonging to each Commoner in certain Fens therein mentioned; and for empowering the Commoners to plow and cultivate the said Fens, for a certain Number of Years therein limited; and for obliging the Occupifers of Lands in the Open Fields of Chatteris to fence the feme.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Ca do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Eaeter, whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for the public Roads near the City of Exeter, commonly called the Exeter Turnpike, and other Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Ext Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Ext, at or near Comtefi Wear-, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Rond from Barnstaple Oofs, in the Parish of Creditors, to a Place called Coppleftone Stone, and the Road from a Gate near Broadway, in' the Parish of Sand ford, through the Parishes of Kennerley,

Wafliford Pyne, Woolfard is Worthy, Welleridge, Thel-bridge, and Etfl Worlihgton, to a Place called Drayford Bridge, where the Soutkmolton Turnpike Road ends.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Ditto, whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the County of Devon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place > and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iiune was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and brinj* in, a Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the 3 B River

xS 6 n° Martii.^1773,

Itiver Exe, at or near Cdutitefs IEear; and for amending 'several other Roads therein mentioned, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Vim Pound, in the Parish of Pinhoe, to the Great London Road, and through More Lane, in the Parish of to the Red Poji, in the

Topsham Turnpike Road, and from Broadclijl Heath, to The Crown and Scepter., in the Parish of and

from thence, through the Parishes of Rockbear and Aylef-bear, to the Lime Turnpike Road on Aylejbear and from Woodbury Hill, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, over the said Hill, through the Hamlet of Yat+ tington, in the Parish of Bickton, to the Pillar, at the Four Cross Ways, at the End of Bickton Lane.

Drax Mr. Allanfon presented to the House, according to Jfcclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, within the Township and Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Whichcot’* exonerating Part of the Real Estate of Thomas £llitc*

Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, from a Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, charged thereon, for the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher Whichcote, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the said Thomas Whichcot) and for subjecting and charging other Lands, of greater Value, to the Payment thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bernard'* veiling the Manors of East and West and cer- Elhue'

tain other Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard, Esquire, in Tru flees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brick dale, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by liim f<?r the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said Premisses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Smulf Debts. Mr* 7°^* Walter reported from the Committee, to

l whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery-

of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

' which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the Hodfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrbffed.

Whitton Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, acne 0 ire. cortjing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Newark, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ace. for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon oa ' Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

St. Martin The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' to enable the Rector of Saint Martin, in Birmingham, to

felebeLands, grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; without any Amendment: And also,

Market The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Weighton for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Com-nc o ure. monSj or Waste Lands, in the Manor of Market Weighton, with Shipton, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Upton The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act Inctofure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also,

Arkendale The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nc ofate.£of dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Paf-tUre, Common, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Hepbume have Absence. Leave to flay in the Country, on his private Affairs. ’

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according Stockport to Order, a Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish. GlebeLands. Church of Stockport, in the County of for the

Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange >

Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands, in the'

Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advawfon of the said Rectory, and John Walfon, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church ot Stockport aforelakl:

And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, and clydc and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioners, after Navigation, having expended almost their whole Subscription Money in the Works already made* have found that a farther Aid of Money will be necessary for completing this great and useful Navigation; and that the Acts of Parliament now in being, relative thereto, require Hill to be further explained, amended, altered, and rendered more effectual, and the Powers of the Petitioners enlarged; and that the Petitioners could not be pofl'efled of the necessary Materials, for preparing and supporting a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, till the Accounts and State of their Affairs had been laid before their annual General Meeting, which, in Terms of the Act: of Parliament incorporating the Petitioners, could not be held till the Day limited by the House for presenting Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed; and that a Delay to another Session would be a Loss to the Public and the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to permit a Petition to be presented-, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

And several Members, in their Places, informing the House, that the said General Meeting could not be held till after the Day limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills; and that it could not be known, till such General Meeting, that a large Sum of Money was ltill wanting, for completing the said Navigation; and that, for Want of such Sum, the Works now carrying on upon the said Navigation must be flopped till the next Session of Parliament, which would be attended with great Injury to the said Company of Proprietors;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, and of the Information now given to the House by such Members*

Leave be given topresent a Petition, as desired by the

laid

13 Geo. III. ti° Martii. 187

said Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Ctyde Navigation.

Then a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth Or River of Forth, at or near' the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of

bartonr, and also a Collateral Cut from the same, to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port and Harbour of

' ftomefs, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the River of Forth; and also of another Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; considerable Progress has been made in the making and completing the said Navigable Cut, or Canal; but that the Petitioners find the same cannot be completed without a farther Aid of Money, to be borrowed by Way of Loan, on the Security of the Tolls; and that the said Acts require to be still farther explained, amended, altered, and rendered more effectual, and the Powers of the Petitioners to be enlarged: And therefore praying the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for these Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Sir Alexander mour, 8tc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bernard’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for yelling the Manors of East and West and

certain other Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard, Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brick dale, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said PremilFes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Skipton, Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord-&c. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inClofing*a cer-laclosure. tain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skip-ton, and Kildwick, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia. Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773, was committed.

Mr. Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Lord Lieutenant to appoint a Captain and Lieutenants to a Company of Light Infantry.

Vol. 34.

And the said Clause was‘Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,'. to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made* by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Holme, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open j cw^re Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Com- ncoorc’ mons; or Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Hopetoun’s Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Estate* intituled, An Act for vesting in John Earl of Hopetoutl and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Counties of Haddington and Fife-, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing Two Acts, Mutiny, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s &c/ Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the (America.) better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inn-keepers of Manchester, in the Manchester County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the Inn keepers. House, and read; Complaining of the Distresses which the Petitioners alledge they labour under, from the present Mode of quartering Soldiers and Horses: And therefore praying the House, to alleviate the Distresses of the Petitioners, in such way as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and en- P^nborough. larging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening; the Road leading from the Well at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Hill, in the Pari 111 of Sevenoaks, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for cofitinuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-second

Year

i88 - it" —

Year of his late Majestyvs keigh, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farttborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Parish of Sevemaks, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Farnaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

kensington Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom

GUM handi. gjy to en?Lfc)le the Vicar of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was committed; That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fathe to be true and that the Parties concerned had given the» Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

"Stock-job- The House was moved, that an Act, made in the ""* Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the " infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make perpetual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous " Practice of Stock-jobbing," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming: And that Mr. Prescott, Mr. Alderman Oliver, and Mr. Alderman Hopkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Drayton, An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclostire ^omrnons> Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Pane o ure, {.jQ) Qf Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Raft Real Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Cora. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corq;

° Martii, A. 1773.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Severwight.;

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Timber ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill to extend the Provisiofis of an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Timber " Trees, and of Woods, and Underwoods; and for " the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants*" to Pdplar, Alder, Maple, Latch, and Hornbeam.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock-

Verier if)12° die Martii;

Anno i3° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Whichcot’s Act for exonerating Part of the Real Estate of Bftate. Thomas Whichcot, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln,

from a Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, charged thereon, for the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher Whichcote, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the said Thomas IVhie heot,; and for subjecting and charging other Lands, of greater Value, to the Payment thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Lancheftet Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish Inclosure. and Manor of Lanchefer, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vane, Sec.: And they are fcp meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Government of King's Lynn the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of Pliot*» the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bndgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the lame; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, East Pallure Grounds, Ings, and Common or \Vafte Ground, Couingwitli within the Township of East Cotting in the East Inc!ofurtf‘ Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Pennyman, Sir George Savife, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Tingewick, Waites, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of wick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of ncoure* Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Tryfull,

&c. Inclosure.

Hackonby

loclosure.

Preston, (Rutland (h.) lndofure.

Stamford,

&c.

Roads*

Foreigners, Ship Owners.

Newbold,

Sic.

inclosure.

13 Geo. III. it0 Marti: 189

Resolved’, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing several Commons and Waste Hands, within the Manors of 'Tryfull and in the

Parish of Try fully in the County of ,was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry. Bridgeman, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Which cot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Preston, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Bacon, Sec.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British-built Ships to Foreigners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ah\erm&n Hopkins reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

r

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of IV arwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of

Nezvbold aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Vol. 34.

Mr. Speakef,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Ad fordraining and improving certain Fen Lands within the " Manor and Parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely^ " and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk," so far as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popham's Eau; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, Clerk, and Maria his Wife, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to George Adams, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for veiling the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of , and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birming* ham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Ward, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.'

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named, appointed, and elected, to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made and passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the High Road leading " from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, " to Tyne Bridge, in the said Countyand the other of them passed in the 26th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the " High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the " County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said " County;" and also of several of the Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates erected in and upon the said Road, by Virtue, and in Pursuance, of the said Two several Acts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said. Acts were read: And

Mr. Ralph Tunstall and Mr. Smith Burke, being examined, said. That the Trustees have made a great Pro-grels in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which is dill due and owing, 3 C together

Upwell,

4c.

Drainage.

Hemming's

EJUte.

Bromsgrove,

4s.

Roads.

Durham,

4c.

Roads.

L,

Glass

Manufcdtories.

Wrotham,

&c.

Road,

Hardingfton,

&c.

Roads,

Little

Stukeley

Inclosure.

Sheffield and Birmingham Assay Office,

160 12 Marlii.1773.

together with a large Arrear of Interest; and that the same cannot be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are farther continued and enlarged, the Tolls ralfed, and the Acts in some other Respects made more effectual; and that the effectual repairing the said Road will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of . Two Acts, of the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from ^he City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County: And that Sir Thomas Cla* vering and Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers* for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within the Kingdom of Great; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotkam, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, was committed.

Mr. Marsham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way in the Parish of Harding ston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Colonel Barre, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipworth reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Artificers in Silver Plate, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of Matthew Boulton, on Behalf of himself, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Silver Wares, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Company or Mystery of Goldsmiths

of the City of London, in Court assembled; and also, the Petition of the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plate Workers of the City of London, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the Two first-mentioned Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners on the lait-mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State of the Two first-mentioned Petitions to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Matter of Fact contained in the first-mentioned Petition, your Committee examined

Mr. Gilbert Dixon, Clerk to the Cutlers Company; who informed your Committee, that he has known the Town of Sheffield 'upwards of Forty Years; that he knows the Persons who have signed the Sheffield Petition, that they were all either Workers in Silver, their Partners, or Refiners, both in the plated and solid Silver Way; and that in both Businesses there were 468 Persons employed in that Town, including those who have signed the Petition, which he thinks are Mailers.

And being asked. If he knew when the Workers in Silver at Sheffield were fewer than at present ? He said. That Thirty Years ago there was not a Twentieth Part of what there are now, and those employed only in making Knife Handles; and that the Increase has been both in the plated and solid Silver Manufactures.

And being further examined, he said. That there are People who have been brought up to other Trades, who now follow the Business of Plate-workers and Silversmiths.

Mr. Joseph Hancock, Senior, informed your Committee, that he has lived' at Sheffield upwards of Fifty Years, in which Time great Improvements have been made there in the manufacturing Silver Wares, particularly in the making of Candlesticks, Salts, Bottle Stands, Castor Frames, Snuffer Trays, and many other Articles, all of solid Silver; which Species of Manufactures have been introduced since he has known

And being asked. How many Houses in Sheffield manufactured those Species of Goods ? he said. Four to his own Knowledge.

And being asked. Whether any one Man, that has signed the Petition, served his Time to the Business ? he said. Several of them served their Time to Silver Cutlers.

Mr. John Parsons, being desired to give an Account to what Extent the solid Silver Manufactory is carried on in Sheffield, said. That it was impossible for him to tell the Quantity of Silver manufactured, but that the House he was concerned in have worked up near 1,000 Ounces per Month, for many Months palt, in the

Manufacture of solid Silver Candlesticks only, Two Thirds of which is fold in London finished, laving burnishing and polishing; that great Part of it is exported, and the rest returned; but if an Assay Office was elta-blished at Sheffield, the Whole, or the major Part of it, would be finished there; but the great Delay of fending it from London to be finished at Sheffield, and returned again to London, would be the Means of losing the Sale of it. — That the Witness has frequently known of Plate being damaged in the Carriage, which very often arises from packing, for which the Carriers are not relpon-fible. — That they are obliged to employ an Agent in London to get the Plate allayed, who llrikes his Mark upon it, and then fends it to the Allay Office.

And being asked. Whether he did not apprehend the employing such Agent is not an Inconvenience and Detriment to the Trade ? he said. Not absolutely so much from the linking his own Mark, as from the Delay and Misfortunes it is liable to on the Road; but if it was equally convenient, he should always be defirou* to set his own Mark, instead of employing an Agent.

Being then asked. Why he employed an Agent to

fit

i3 Geo. III. ia° Martii. I91

fct his Mark ? he said, That he had sent Candlesticks to London with his own Mark on them, and that the Agent had (truck his Mark upon it.

Being asked, If he thought that Act of the Agent’s w’as not to give it the Credit of London Work ? he said. He believed the People of Sheffield would be glad to have the Credit of their own Manufactures.

That the Candlesticks which the Witness makes for the Silversmiths in London, are made according to the Instructions he receives; and that sometimes they fend their own Models and Drawings, but the Silver is his own. — That those Candlesticks are sometimes fold for London Work, upon which Account, the Witness believes, they fetch a greater Price than they would at Sheffield.

Being asked, Whether, if an Assay Office was established at Sheffield, that increased Profit would not be transferred to the Sheffield Plate-workers ? he said. Not altogether, for the London Silversmiths would get some Profit; but in that same he could fell the Plate cheaper.

And being asked as to the Difference of Expence in polishingin London and Sheffield, he said, He apprehended it could be done at Sheffield fox Half the Money.

Mr. Bernard Holbrook informed your Committee, That he is Agent to Hyland and Company at Sheffield; that he is allowed £. 100 a Year, andyf. iofora Ware-house to put their Goods in; — that his Business, as Agent, is to receive Orders from Shops in London for Hyland and Company; — that the Goods he takes Orders for to be delivered unpolished are generally sent to the Shops, and they get them marked and polished; such Goods that are to be delivered polished, he delivers to the Polisher, who gets them Hailed, afterwaros polishes them, and then returns them to the Witness, in order to be delivered to the Shops; — that the Price of polishing Candlesticks is 3 s. a Pair, the Polisher taking the Waste, which the Witness supposes is about 2 s. 10 d.more; but that the Sheffield People have told him that they could polish them for about 20 a Pair, saving the Waste.

And being a(ked. Whether it was a Matter of Choice «r Necessity that, he was employed as Agent to Hyland and Company ? he said, Necdfity.

Mr. Cox, being examined, was asked, What was the Expence of the Carriage of too lb. Weight of Silver from Sheffield to London and back again ? he said, 3, with the Insurance; and that he has seen Goods returned damaged.

Mr. Hancock being again examined, as to the Injury arising from the Delay of the Carriage, said. That he has refused Orders for Goods, knowing that he should not be able to get them from London to finish in the Time; and that there is likewise an Uncertainty as to Time, which the Witness experienced when he was in Trade.

And to prove the Matter of Fact contained in the Petition of Blatthew Boulton, on Behalf of himself, and the rest of the Manufacturers of Silver Wares, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of your Committee examined

Mr. Samuel Garbit, who said. That he is well acquainted with the Silver Manufactures carried on by Mr. Boulton, at Birmingham; that they are of different Species, such as Tureens, Epergnes, Candlesticks, Vases, Coffee-pots, and many ornamental Utensils, as well solid Silver as plated, both for the London and Country Market; — that Mr. Boulton began the manufacturing of Silv er Plato about Seven Years since; — that it has increased lately, and the Witness has no Doubt but it might be considerably extended: — that there are above 40 other Manufacturers of Plate in Birmingham who have Licences; — and that he knows Mr. Boulton fends Plate to to be assayed and

marked, which is attended with many Inconveniencies, as it occasions Delay, Uncertainty, and very frequently

Yol. 34.

the Goods are damaged 5 — that one very staple Article of the Birmingham Manufacture is Fire Arms, the Ornaments of which the Workmen find more convenient to have from London ready manufactured, though they could make them for One Half the Expence in the Country; — that another great Article of the Manufacture of Birmingham and its Neighbourhood is Buckles* which employs above 5,000 Workmen; and, for Want of an Assay Office, they do not make any considerable Quantity, as they would be obliged to fend their Patterns to London, whereby they are liable to have their Patterns discovered; but if freed from that Inconvenience, the Witness said, the Manufacture of Silver Plate would be greatly increased, and particularly in the Article of Buckles; — that Mr. Boulton has many thousand Dies, which he could make use of in different Parts of the Silver Manufactory, but does not, on Account of the Inconvenience of assaying; and that there are many other Manufacturers who would avail themselves of the present Tools in manufacturing Plate, if it was not for the same Inconvenience.

( Your Committee then proceeded to receive Evidence in Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the Wardens and Assistants, of the Company or Mystery of* Goldsmiths of the City of London, in Court assembled; and the Agent for the Petitioners having proposed to produce the Charter, to shew the Incorporation of the said Company, the same was admitted, as also that the Standard Pieces appointed for Trial of the Gold and Silver Money, and Wrought Plate, being made, and the Monies tried and compared therewith by a Jury, returned by the said Company to the Privy Council, who have intruded the said Company with -Part of such Standard Pieces, in order to regulate and ascertain the Fineness of the Gold and Silver Plate assayed at Goldsmiths Hall.

And in order to prove that there were but few real Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, or Plate Workers, in Sheffield or Birmingham, notwithstanding what is alledged in their Petitions, he called

Mr. William Abdy (a Silvcrsmith, Plater, and Plate Worker of the City of London) who being examined said, That he knows the Town of Sheffield, and served his Time there, but that it is now 24 Years since he left it, but was there Four Years ago; that at that Time there were Four Houses that carried on Business in the solid Silver Way, but that was only flight Silver Knife Handles; and they were called Cutlers j and that the Witness thinks there is not one real Goldsmith Silversmith, cr Plate-worker, in Sheffield.

And being asked. If there was any one Man in Sheffield, that would be called in London a Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plate-worker? he said, Yes, by Reason of their making Silver Candlesticks; that he knows of but Four Houses in Sheffield that makes Silver Candlesticks, but there are several Partners in each House.

Being asked, If he knew the Persons who had signed the Sheffield Petition ? he said. Not personally, but thinks they are all concerned in the solid Silver, or plated Way, but not one in the solid Way only* Then

Mr. Richard Hughes, Junior Assay Master to the Goldsmiths Company, being examined, was asked. How many of the Persons, who have subscribed their Names to the Sheffield Petition, have entered their Names at Goldsmiths Hall? he said, No more than Five, that he could recoiled!, and One who has not signed the Petition; — that no Manufactureer of Gold and Silver Wares can have their Goods assayed and marked till he has entered his Mark at the Assay Office, which Mark may be entered either in Person, or by Attorney, without Fee or Reward; that the Goods manufactured at Sheffield, are flight Silver Candlesticks, Knife Handles, Bottle Stands, and Salts, which are struck with

Fly

*9* ' i a° Martii. 1773.

Fly Presses, and Tent to the Allay Office to be marked; but that no other Work, but such as is struck in that Manner, is sent to the Assay Office.

And being further examined, he said, That the Silver Wares manufactured at Sheffield are not confined to those Four Species, for sometimes there may be a Bread Basket, or an Ink Stand, but very seldom, the general Trade being those Four Articles.

The Witness was then asked, How many Persons, in the Town and Neighbourhood of have en-

tered their Marks at Goldsmiths Hall ? he named Five, who he said were all.

Mr. John Tipp, an Accountant, delivered in to your Committee an Account of the Sheffield and Birmingham Plate, marked at Goldsmiths Hall, since the 2.9th of May 1772, as follows*

lb. oz. dts.

At Sheffield.

’ William Hancock, *39 6 9

John Winter, 52 8 9

John Hirjl, 25 11 13

Fenton, and C° 12 7 5

-John Robotham 8 1 16

At Birmingham, Gimblet and Vale

lb. oz. . 238 11 12 12 9 9

Amounting in the Whole to - - - 251 9 1

Your Committee then proceeded to hear Evidence in Support of the Allegations of the Petition of the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plate-workers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, whose Names are there-nto subscribed: And

Mr. John Wakelin, who has been engaged in the Bu-finess of a Silversmith in Londo Seven Years, informed your Committee, That there are great Numbers of People in and about London employed in the Silver Plate Manufactory, who are very skilful Artists, and that the said Manufactory is carried on in a very extensive Manner, and in different Branches, and to greater Perfection than at Sheffield or Birmingham.

Being asked, Whether the Manufacture of Plate is carried on, in and about London, sufficient to supply the Demands for it ? he said. That it certainly might be, but that vast Quantities of Plate is fold in London that is manufactured at Sheffield and that might

be made in London, if the Manufacturers who are now out of Employ were employed; that the Plate wrought in and about London carries with it an established Credit for Elegance, Utility, and Value, and that what is wrought at Sheffield and Birmingham is generally of a more specious and flight Manufucture, and must be less useful.

Being asked, If Plate, after having been marked at any other Assay Office than Goldsmiths Hall, was to come to be sold to the Silversmith in , would

he consider it as Standard or uncertain Value ? he said. Generally they would chuse to assay it again; — that, with respect to the Article of Silver Candlesticks, the Wit-nets said, that the lighted Pair made in London is from 25 to 30Ounces; and in general the heaviest of those made at Sheffield and Birmingham 20 Ounces, but some of the Birmingham Candlesticks may weigh 30 Ounces or more.

Being afited, Whether a Pair of Birmingham Candle-flicks of 30 Ounces, of the same Fashion and Weight as the London Candlesticks, sold at a less Price ? he said. He never law any London Candlesticksof the same Fashion and Weight as the Birminghamthat they are made upon a different Construction; but they might be made upon the same Construction, and for the same Price, if damped.

Being asked. If he could tell whether a Piece of Plate, with the London Mark on it, was* of Sheffield or London Manufacture ? he said, Not for a Certainty; that it would fetch the same Price, if manufactured in

the same Manner ;--and the Witness further said, That the Knife Handle Trade has fallen into Disrepute by the flight Manufacture of Sheffield and Birmingham; but being asked. Whether he was perfectly acquainted with that Manufacture, as carried on at Sheffield and Birmingham ? he said. He was not.

Mr. Drew Drettry, a Goldsmith, being examined, said. That he has been engaged in the Business of a Working Goldsmith and Silversmith 30 Years; and he confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, with respect to the Extension of the Plate Manufactory in the Skilfulness of the Artists, and the Sufficiency of the Workmen.

And being asked. Whether he was acquainted with the manufacturing Plate at Sheffield and Birmingham ? he said, That he has bought considerable Quantities of Candlesticks that have been made at Sheffield of solid Silver, and the lighted of them weighed 24 Ounces; but he has seen some of 30 Ounces; that they were stamped, therefore not equal in Strength to those that are Cast, but that there are strong Candlesticks stamped; that the particular Manufactures of Sheffield and Birmingham are Candlesticks, Knife Hafts, Buckles, and lately at Sheffield they have made Salts, Bottle Trays, and Castor Frames; — that the Witness is acquainted with a great many Persons employed in the manufacturing Plate at Sheffield, but only One at Birmingham, and that is Mr. Boulton; that the Plate made at She/-fields principally flight, and likewise the Knife Handles . till lately, and even at this Time they cannot be made so substantial and strong as to be equal to those made in London; that the Witness has been a great Sufferer by that Article only, which obliged him to quit that Branch of Business; and that the Slightness of that Manufactory has brought the Trade into Disrepute.

Being asked. What were the Species of Silver Goods manufactured in London, that are not at Sheffield and Birmingham t he said. Every Thing but those he has mentioned to be manufactured at Sheffield and Birmingham.

And being asked, Whether those Goods are fold cheaper, since the Establishment of the Sheffield Manufactory ? he said, Some of them have fell in Price; that Candlesticks and Knife Handles have been made as cheap in London as at Sheffield, but don’t know they have fold cheaper.

And the Witness said, that there are now 1000 People out of Employ, owing, as he believes, to the general Distress of the Times, and not \o the Increase of the Sheffield Manufactory, or to the Decreale of other Markets, a great many of whom are gone Abroad.

And being asked. Whether any of those People offered to work for less Wages than usual ? he said, They had not; and that the Introduction of the plated Business in London has hurt the solid.

Mr. John Carter, a Silver Plate Manufacturer, being examined, said, That he. is well acquainted with that Manufactory in and about London, and that the same was carried on with great Perfection and Utility; that he is likewise acquainted with the Manufactory carried on at Sheffield and Birmingham, and is engaged to a considerable Extent at Sheffield.

Being asked. Whether the Plate manufactured at Sheffield was of equal Goodness with that manufactured in London ? he said, It is worked in a flight superficial Manner, therefore can’t be equal to the London Manufacture in point of Wear; that the slighted Silver Candlesticks, made at Sheffield, weigh about 14 Ounces a Pair.

And being asked, Whether those Candlesticks were not made by his Orders? he said. They were; that he has never seen any of the Silver Manufactures of Shes-field or Birmingham, but Candlesticks and Knife Handles; the first of which he is convinced can be made as cheap in London, and the latter he could not speak to, as not coming within his Branch of Business.

i3 Geo. III. 120 Ma. 193

Being aiked. Whether the Business at Sheffield is increased in the solid Way as much as in the plated ? he said, Not a hundredth Part.

Being examined as to the Injury or Delay in the Carriage of Goods backwards and forwards, he said, He never remembered an Instance of Injury or Delay, excepting. Once, in the Course of Seven Years, and that was occasioned by a heavy Fall of Snow that retarded the Carriage; that the Expence of Carriage is under a Halfpenny an Ounce, supposing to pay Insurance, which is very seldom done, and in that same it is but Two Pence per Pound Weight Averdupoise.

Mr. Abdy, being examined, gave the same Evidence

as the last Witness, with respect to the Increase of the plated Goods, to those of solid Silver, and to the Lon-' don Manufacturer working at the same Price, and making his Goods as cheap, as the Sheffield Manufacturer.

Mr. Fair, Clerk to the Goldsmiths Company, being examined as to the Manner of conducting the Assay Office in London, informed your Committee, That the Company pays to the Officers £.706. 4 a Year; and to the Book-keeper, Accomptant, and other Officers and Servants, Advertisements, and other Incidents, several Sums, amounting, together with the above Sum, to upwards of jC. 1,100 per Annum: That the Prices of aflayingWrought Plate w London, sent from the Country, are the same as those in London; that, though the Prices are established by Act of Parliament, the Company have for several Years past taken only Two Fifths.

Mr. William Bingley, being examined, said. That he served his Time to Mr. Boulton, at Birmingham, in the solid Silver and plated Business, who he left about Nine or Ten Months ago, but lives now in London with Mr. Abdy: That while he lived with Mr. Boulton, he made solid Silver Tureens, Coffee-pots, Candlesticks, and various other Articles; and that the Witness remembers One very large Tureen with a Dilh: That some of the Candlesticks he made were strong, and some were flight, but the Proportion of the flight to the strong were as 24 to 1: That some of them were damped, others cast: That Mr. Boulton likewise made some Buckles, but he never remembers to have known above Three or Four Dozen Pair of solid Silver made during the Time the Witness was with him, which was 13 Years: That he has also known some plated Buckles to have been made by him, but not a great many.

And being aiked. Whether the Silver Manufactory at Birmingham was in an increasing State ? he said. It was when he came from thence, and that the Manufactory of stamped Silver Candlesticks has also increased in London, ftnce he has been here: That there are but Three of those Manufacturers in London, Three at Birmingham, and a great Number at Sheffield.

Being aiked, Whether he meant a great Number of plated Manufacturers, or solid; or both ? he said. Both.

That One of the Three Manufacturers in London came from Birmingham, and One from Sheffield, but he had lived in London before the stamped Silver Manufactory was established any where: That the slighted Pair of Silver Candlesticks the Witness has ever ieen made, since he has been with Mr. Abdy, weighed about 13 Ounces, and the heaviest he ever law made by Mr. Boulton, at Birmingham, were Two Pair that weighed 120 Ounces, and those were the heaviest, the bell made, and the handsomest Pattern, he ever law: That they were made in consequence of an Order from London, and that the Pattern was made in his own Manufactory: That thqfe Candlesticks were allayed at Chester (where Mr. Boulton has all his Goods assayed) and got considerable Damage in the Carriage; but that those were not the only Goods he has known to have been damaged in the Carriage: And he further said, that Plate in its imperfect State in which it is assayed, is not so liable to Damage, as after it is completed. Then,

Vol. 34.

Mr. Carter, being examined as to the Conveyances for Plate between Sheffield and London ? said. That there are Variety of Conveyances, which set out very regular, and he never remembers but one Instance to the contrary in Seven Years; and that he always considered the Owner of the Carriage responsible for any Damage that might happen.

Being aiked. Whether the Goldsmiths Manufactory in Lotidon is overstocked with Hands ? he said. It was; That a great many Foreign Artificers (many of whom were skilful in their Trade) are and have been employed in it, but several of them have been obliged to return Home for Want of Employ} and that a great Number of Manufacturers of Plate are in great Distress for Want of Employ.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Wardens and Allay Masters, for allaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of and Birmingham: And that Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Sir George

Savile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Gilbert, and Lord John Cavendi/k, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called and

Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir William Bagot,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods, and Underwoods; and " for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and " Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Inarch, and Hornbeam, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Byng took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of Eller-bum, in the North Riding of the County of York-, which Bill was, upon the 26th Day of February last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of" the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, upon the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of Voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

3 D Bffohed,

Kinfare,

See.

Inclosure.

Timber Trees, Sse.

Wilton

Inclosure.

Elections —

Occasional

Voters.

i^-

12° — i 6°Martii.

194

A. 1773.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon W? Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Wedesday Morn-eans. nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Hardinglton, Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His &c-

present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening oa s*

the Road from tKe Way Post, in the Parish of ston, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mart is, 16° die Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii III,n Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Exeter.

Ordered, That Mr. John Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Turnips, &c. Sir Charles Kemys Tynie reported from the Committee,

’ to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or deftraying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or deftraying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots, was re-committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto, , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Witton, Mr. Vane reported from the Commiitee, to whom the &c. Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Com-Inclosure. monSj within the Townships of Witton Wear and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Manor of Walsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Proprietor, whole Estate in the said Townships is of the Annual Rent of £.36, and all'o except another Proprietor, whose Estate in the said Townships is of the Annual Value of £. 14, who has been wrote to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Value of the Estates in the said Townships is of the Annual Value of £.2,445» an<^ that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committtec had gone through the Bill, and

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to Burftwick, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open &c. Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within Inclosure* the Town and Territories of Burjlwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum Burjhvick, in,

in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Holme, Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Com- &c* mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township and Inclo*'u'c* Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s , Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Helpringham mon Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow tndofure. Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpring ham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brozvu-lozvBertie, Mr. Cholmley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Whitton Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of in the Inclosure.

County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord low Bertie, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act Whichcot’s for exonerating Part of the Real Estate of Thomas Name. Whichcot, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, from a

Debt

Birmingham Streets, &c.

Preston

(Yorkihirc)

Inclosure.

Stockport

Glebes.

East Keal Inclosure.

Bernard’s

Estate.

Everthorpe

Inclosure.

13 Geo. Ill* i 6* Marti 195

Debt of Ten thousand Pounds, charged thereon, for the Portions of the younger Children'of iVhichcote, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the 1 ’ 1 Thomas Whichcot; and for subjecting and charging c . or Lands, of greater Value, to the Payment thereof, v a read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying " open and widening certain Ways and Passages within " the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Pafl’ages there;

" and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein;" and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch j and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within the' Township of Preston in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of for the Time being,

to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands, in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Farnaby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Art ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Easter Keal, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord BrownBertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors of East and West and

certain other Hereditaments in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard, Esquire, in Trullees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage act'efting the said Premises; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brickdale, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir. William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Vol. 34.

Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee fexcept the Owner of One Cottage having Common Right, who is out of the Kingdom) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brtnvning and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mitdeuhall, to amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in Ac. the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Dr*ina8e* King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk " and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant " Load and Brandon River North, bounded on the " West by the River Ouse, and on the East by Winter " Load, Earfivell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

" and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested " Lands," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying ir^ the First District described in the said Act; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bourton lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Com- Inclosure. nlon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bourton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Manor of Clapton on the Hill, in the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Churchill for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common, within Inclosure. the Manor and Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Beuzeville’* Act for naturalizing Stephen Beauzeville; without any Nat. Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bowerbank's to dissolve the Marriage of John Featherston Bower bank, Divorce, with Ann Jane Bonnett, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords-have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Franel’s naturalizing Joseph Franel-, to which the Lords defiro Nat. the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hot ham reported from the Committee, to whom Wilton, the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Ac. Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship Inclosure-of Wilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

i<)6 \6° Martii. A. 1773.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tht* Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Toyntons, Lord Brown/ow Bertie reported from the Committee, kc. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of 'Toyntons, in the Townships of Toynton All Saints, and Toynton Saint Peter's, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Commissioners to have regard to the Quantity, as well as Quality, of the Lands to be divided.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added ter the Bill, to enable the Commissioners to separate Lands in Ming.

And Hie said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the

BiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hemming’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Effete. for veiling the settled Estate of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, Clerk, and Maria his Wife, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to George Adams, Esquire, and his Heirs, pur-luant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for veiling the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Townshend, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bure A Bill for making and extending the Navigation of avigation. j^[ver gUre, commonly called the North River, by

and from Coltishall to A Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-' ber.

Blanchard’s Ordered, That Colonel Saint Leger do make the Re-Name‘ port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Esquire, now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, to take and uie the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased, was committed.

3

Mr. Fitzmaurice reported from the Committee, to cherill, whom the Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging See. the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year Roadt* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Bttrrough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County o f~Wilts, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Trustee shall hold any Place of Profit.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands Tinge*ick, and Estates, in the Parish of Preston Biffet, in the County jnc^*ore of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tingewick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the said County of Bucks; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have a Right of Common for Cattle, of Four to One, in and upon certain Parts of the said Commons, and are considerably interested therein; and that they apprehend, that no sufficient Provision is made, by the said Bill, for securing to the Petitioners a proportionable Allotment for such Rights of Common: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or so much thereof as affects the Petitioners, or that the Petitioners Interests may be provided for; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whopi the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That thay do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia. Pay and Cloathing of Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title „

be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1773.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Saint Leger, according to Order, reported Blanchard’s from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Name. Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Esquire, now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athoipe, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee

had

13 Geo. III. 160 Martii. 197

had gone through the Bills and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in'at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

RocheAer A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes Road*.06 Aylesford and Boxley, and of the Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons eroding the Turnpike Road from Ro-cheJ} er to Maid/}one, through the Side Gate at in the Parish of Boxley, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and enlarging a certain Road, from the End of Crow, Lane, next the High Street, in Rochester, to the Town of in the County of

Kent; and that Part of the said Road leads through the said Parishes of Aylesford and Boxley; and that another Road, leading from the Town of Aylesford to Boxley, through the Parishes of Berjled,

Leeds, Harrietfiiam, and other Places, to the Towns of Lenham, Charing, and Ashford, in the said County, crosses the said Road from Rochester to Maidstone, at a Place called Sandling, in the Parish of Boxley; and that the Trustees for repairing the said last mentioned Road have placed a Turnpike across the said Road at Sandling, and also a Side Gate across the Road leading from the said Town of Aylesford to Boxley, and other Places, and to the Towns of Lenham, Charing, and Ashford, so that the Petitioners and others, who have Occasion to travel abng the said last mentioned Road, are obliged to pay Tolls on passing through the Cud Side Gate at Sandling, though they only pals directly across the said Road from Rochester to Maidstone: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said' Ad, to exempt the Petitioners, and all other Persons who only pals through the said Side Gate at Sandling, directly across the said Road from Rochester to Maidstone, and do not pals any further thereon, either towards the City of Rochester or Town of Maidstone, from paying Toll at such Side Gate, or to grant them such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Forth and Mr. Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom Clyde the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Navigation. Forth an{j Clyde Navigation, wds referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him so report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the 8th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth, or River, of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River, of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the lame, to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowftoumiefs, to join the said Canal at or

near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, were read: And

Vol. 34.

Henry Davidson, £squire, being exarhined, said; That he law the Forth and Clyde Navigable Canal last Summer; that a considerable Pragrels has been made in forming the said Canal, the same being completed to the Point of Partition, but that it cannot be finished without a further Aid of Money; that he had examined the Accounts of Receipts and Dilbtirfements, and also Mr. Smeaton's Estimates, and is certain that a further

Sum is absolutely necessary for carrying on the Works; and that it is requisite, that the Company of Proprietors should have Power to charge such Sums as they may find Occasion to borrow, on the Tolls to be taken on the said Canal; and that the said Acts are in many Respects defective, and the Powers thereby granted insufficient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River, of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River, of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, firom the Port and Harbour of Borrowftonmefs, to join the said Canal* at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth: And that Mr. Dundas, Sir Alexander Gilmour, and Mr. monftone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Rugby the Bill for dividing and indofing the Open and Com- ^nclofare* mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, who are possessed of Half a Yard Land,

Three Cottages, One Piece of Meadow Ground containing about Four Acres, and a Lammas Meadow containing about Ten Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consist of about 43 Yard Lands; and that there are 33 Cottages having Common Right) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Bromsgrove, Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, is committed.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Redstone, whom the Petition of the Corporation of the Borough Bridge, of Kidderminster, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Farmers, residing in the said Borough, and in the Parish 3 E of

198 i 6°Martii. A. 1773*

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

of Kiddermiufter, and divers other Parishes and Places

in the County of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and the Inhabitants of the said Town; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, principal Merchants, and Traders, of the City of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of the Furnaces and Collieries, and Barge-owners, of Brojley, Coalbrookdale, Madely&c. in the County of Salop; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and ^had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also im powering the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord President of the Council, the Duke of and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and the Earl of,

and the Earl of Marchmont, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are- as followeth; viz.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted so qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act to encourage the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money upon the Security of Freehold or Lease-. hold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies; and to render the Securities granted to such Aliens effectual, for recovering Payment of the Money fb to be lent, by Sale of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates:

An Act to extencf the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain a " Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the " Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing " Foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children " of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of " land, or of Great Britain," to the Children of such Children:

An Act to enable certain Persons, therein named, to . continue to work a Pestle Mill, heretofore employed and used in making Battel Gunpowder, at Old Forge

Farm, in the Parish of T , in the County of Kent:

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of " Devon;" and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for taking down the Shire Hall of th? Coun-

ty of Devon; and for building a new Shire Hall in a more commodious Mann«r:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act; passed in the Twenty-iecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and improving certain Fen Lands, within " the Manor and Parishes of and and

" in the Parishes of Denver and , in the Isle of

" Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and ," l'o far

as the same relates to the Lands lying on the South Side of Popham's Eau:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and " Low Grounds, in the Me of and Counties of " Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildetihall River South,

" Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded on " the West by the River and on the East by " Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands " of Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly " called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying " within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested " Lands," lo far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying in the First District described in the said Act:

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the County of Kent; and for lighting the other Streets; and for removing all Encroachments and Annoyances within the said Town and Parishes:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate, in thte Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pin the County of Bucks:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an. Ad, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of in the Parish of

Windlefham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyburn, Alton, Chaw ton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of in the said County,

lb far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fofs Road near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare, the Right honourable Wellbore Ellis, and Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, to take, in Great tain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s

13 Geo. III. Martit. 199

Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will and Testament of William Earl of in

the Kingdom'of Ireland, *deceased, Evidence, as well in Ireland as in Great Britain:

An Act for vesting several Fee Farm and other Rents, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for enfranchising certain Copyhold or Customary Lands, within the Manor of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale and Enfranchisement in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable the Rector of Saint Martin, in Birmingham, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory:

An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the Validity of the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands therein mentioned, in that Part of the Manor of Tar debigg which lies in the County of Worcester

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Waste Lands, called Hadfor Common, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, in the Town-ships of Snaith and Cowick, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Open Arable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of,

in the West Riding of the County of York

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pallures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Cromwell, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallure, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Brinkhill, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Gailes Moor, in the TownlHip and Manor of Dalton Traverje, otherwise Gailes, in the

Parish of Kirby Ravenfworth, in the North Riding of tire County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, or Parcel of Land, called Bonjall Leys and Green, within the Parish of Bonjall, in the County of Derby: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Irchester, in the County of Northampton; and alls Two Pieces of Land or Ground, therein described, lying within the Parishes of Wellingborough and Great Doddington, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Church Broughton, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pallure, Common, and Wastes, within the Manor of Arkendale, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in the Manor of Market Weighton, with Shipton, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Upton, in the Parish of ,in

the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Bowrton on the Water, in the County of Gloucester, Vot. 34.

and in the Manor of Clap!A on the Hill, in the same Parish.:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Churchill Common, within the Manor and Parish of Ghurckilt, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Morier i

An Act for naturalizing John Gottlob Netbndn ?

An Act for naturalizing John Francis Cwrchod i An Act for naturalizing lj Bouillon: An Act for naturalizing Stephen Beuzeville.

Then the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of mirjler, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Farmers, residing in the said Borough, and in the Parish of Kidder mi njer, and divers other Parishes and Places in the County of Worcester', and also, the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of in the County of Worcester;and the Inhabitants of the said Townj and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen* principal Merchants, and Traders, of the City of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of thd1 Furnaces and Collieries, and Barge-owners, of BroJJeyt Coalbrookdale, Madefy, &c. in the County of Salop; were severally referred, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first*mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Jacob White, being examined, laid, That he is well acquainted with the Road from Kidderminster to Redstone Ferry and Dunley, and from thence to the Hundred House, Brontyard, and Hereford; that Redstone Ferry is for the Conveyance of Foot* Passengers, Horses, and Carriages, across the River Severn, but that the Ferry is very inconvenient for such Conveyance, on Account of the Rapidity of the River, at all Times, and at High Water is difficult and dangerous to cross over, and frequently impassable by Reason of the Waters overflowing the Ground adjoining to it; that Bromyard is about Eighteen Miles dillint from the Well Side of Redstone Ferry, and is the nearest Town on the Hereford Road; and that the Road leading to the Ferry is from Kidderminster through Dunley, which Road is completed as far as Stanford Bridge, and now in tolerable good Order, and from thence to Bromyard is in good Order (except about Three Miles); that at present the Road from Bromyard to Kidderminster is not much frequented, and that no Manufactory is carried on at Bromyard; that he never heard of any particular Accident happening on the Ferry, but that he had at Times been delayed, and obliged to wait there Half an Hour before he could go over

That there is a Boat large enough to carry over Horses, Carriages, Hops, Grain, and other Commodities; and that the Road by the Ferry is more frequented by Persons on Horleback than the Road through Bewdley: —

That the Stafjordjlnre and Worcestershire Canal falls into the Severn near Redstone Ferry, at which Place a very extensive Trade is carried on: —;

That the Communication from the Well Side of the Severn to the Canal is not sufficiently open, on Account of the River: —

That the Ferry is about Three Quarters of a Mile dillant from the Canal Bason; and that it would be difficult to effect a Communication between them, on Account of the Fords, unless a Bridge is erected: —

That Goods brought to the Ferry cannot, without Difficulty, be conveyed to the Canal, because the Vessels cannot conveniently flop at the Ferry: And he said. He apprehended that the Produce of the Well Side of the Severn, particularly Hops and Cyder, would be brought to the Canal, if a Bridge was built there: — That in October, Annually, there is a great Fair at Bridgnorth for those Commodities, from whence largo Quantities are sent to Wolverhampton and,

and from these Places into Cheshire, Lancashire, and

other

Redflotlt

Bridge.

£oo i6° Mar Hi. 73*

other Cdlintries, by Land Carriage, which, he apprehended, would go by Water Carriage, if the Communication between the West Side of the Severn and the Canal was effected by a Bridge; and that the Fair of Bridgnorth might, in such Case, be in some respect injured > —

That if a Bridge was ere died, Hops and Cyder would be immediately conveyed to the Canal, and there find a ready Conveyance by Water into Lancashire, and other Places; and that Returns down the Canal, in Coals, Maufadtories, and other Articles, out of Staffordshire, JVarwickJhi and other Places, by which Means the West Side of the Severn might be supplied with such Commodities: —

That the Price of Coals is already abated by Means of the Canal; and the Quality of the Coals brought by such Conveyance is Two Shillings a Ton better than those the Country were formerly supplied with. — Being asked, If the Produce of the West Side of the River Severn could not be conveyed into Lancashire, and other Places, without a Bridge at Redflone Ferry ? he. said, That it might; but that if those Commodities were originally consigned to Bewdley, and for the Canal, they would be first placed in a Warehouse at Bewdley, and shipped there for the Canal, and afterwards re-loaded into Canal Vessels, which would be attended with a much greater Expence: —

That there is a Colliery on the West Side of the Severn, but that the Coals (which are principally used for burning Lime) are much inferior to those brought down the Canal, out of Staffo; and that in most of the neighbouring Places it would be advantageous ta Families to buy the last mentioned Coals: —

That at present the Inhabitants on the West Side of the Severn may be supplied with Staffordshire Coal from the Canal, by conveying the same over the River in Boats, though it would be attended with Inconvenience and great Expence: —

That it would be advantageous to the Farmers, and others, who might carry Hops and Cyder from the West Side of the Severn to the Canal, if a Bridge was erected, as they could then return over it with Coal: —

That the Price of Coals at Stourport is about Eleven Shillings a Ton; and that such Price has decreased every Year since the Canal was opened: —

That Hops and Cyder might be at this Time consigned to Stourport, and conveyed there either by crossing the River at Redflone (which is rather more than a Mile from Stourport) or through Bewdley, about Seven Miles round; but the same would be attended with Inconvenience and Expence

That great Quantities of Hops and Cyder are produced in the Neighbourhood of Bromyard, which is about Twenty Miles from Bewdley, and which, (if a Bridge was erected) he apprehends would be conveyed to Stourport, with a constant Back Carriage of Coals: —

That John Glover, who is Proprietor of the Ferry at Redflone, consents to a Bridge being built there,.and has agreed to accept Five hundred and Ten Pounds for his Interest therein: —

That the Proprietors of the Land on the East Side of the Severn, who can be affected by building the intended Bridge, have given their Consent, except one Person, Sixty-eight Yards of whose Land will be necessary to be used for making an Avenue to the Bridge. And he concluded his Evidence by saying, That the building a Bridge near Redflone Ferry will be of great Public Utility. — Then

Mr. Thomas Dadford,a Surveyor, being examined,

said. That he had surveyed the Road from Redflone Ferry, to Duuley; a Plan of which he produced to your Committee: And said. He is well acquainted with the Staffordshire Canal, having had the chief Management of it for Two Year? past; that great Trade is carried of there, the Tonnage now being Two hundred Pounds per Week; atfo that, as he. apprehended, it will.increase.

to Three or Four hundred Pounds per Week, should the Bridge be built: And he confirmed Mr. White's Evidence, relating to the present Inconveniencies of the Ferry, and the Advantages which the Public would derive from the proposed Communication; and like wife as to the Consent of the Proprietors of the East Side of the River: And added, That he had examined the Bed of the River, at the Place where the Bridge is intended to be built, and found the Situation proper for that Purpose

That the River* at Low Water, is One hundred and Thirty Feet wide; and that, if a. Bridge is built agreeable to a Plan he produced to your Committee, there would be the same Space for the Water to flow or pass down the River as at present, it being intended to widen the River on each Side as many Feet as the Piers will take up in the River, and to make the Bridge as convenient as possible for the Navigation: —

That the only Impediment which the Bridge will occasion to the Navigation, is that of obliging the Vessels to lower their Mails in passing under it: —

That as much of the Road leading to the Bridge as would be overflowed by Floods, is intended to be arched over, in order to prevent any Obstructions at such Times, and that the Water may pass there as ul'ual: And he concluded by saying. It will cost about Five thousand Pounds to build the Bridge agreeable to the Plan he had produced to your Committee.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second, Third, and last mentioned. Petitions, Mr. George Edwards, an Owner of Vessels, being examined, said. That there is a Bridge at Bewdley, about Three Miles higher up than Redflone, which has been repaired by the Corporation of Bewdley, from Time to Time: —

That it is the common Market Road from Kidder-minster to Bewdley, and to other Parts of the Counties of Salop and Worcester: —

That the Tolls taken at Bewdley, for unloaded Horles and Carriages, are insufficient to keep the Bridge in Repair; and that, if the intended Bridge is built, the said Tolls will be greatly lessened, and the Navigation of the River hurt, because Vessels coming from cester with the Wind cannot go through in the Night: —

That a Vessel is haled from to Bewdley

(being Sixteen Miles) in about Ten Hours, and if the intended Bridge should be built, Vessels will be detained there a Night, by which they may lose the Wind, in which same the Expence would be Three Pounds or Four Pounds for a Vessel of Sixty Tons Weight, and so in proportion for larger or smaller Vessels; if the Wind blows hard, it will drive the Vessels against the Bridge in coming down; and that, at all Times, there is a Current which would carry Vessels at the Rate of Four Miles an Hour without Oars: —

That the Men who hale the Vessels say, they will not come further from Worcester than the New Bridge in a Day, unless they are paid extraordinary: —

That if the Vessels flop at Stourport, the Men will go back to IVircester, and the Owners, in such Case, myft get Men from Bewdley next Day

That be apprehended all Bridges on Rivers are prejudicial, and subject Vessels to Accidents

That at Bridgnorth Four Vessels were funk by Means

of the Bridge there; and that it is Two Hours Work to lower the Mails and raise them up again: —

That where the Bridge is intended to be built, the Current is not rapid, unless there is a Fresh in the River, which frequently happens, and without which, Vessels of Forty Tons cannot go down; that there is a Fresh of Water almost all the Winter; that, at the Place where the Bridge is intended to be built, the River, at Low Water, is generally Six Feet deep. — Then

Mr. Thomas Milward (Beadle of Bewdley) being examined, laid. That he knows the Bridge there, and

that

13 Geo. III. i<$® Martii. 20 r

that it is kept in Repair by the Corporation of Bewdley, An ingrossed Bill to ehable the Vicaf of Kensington, in Kensington who take a Toll thereat; which Toils are let at Fifteen the County of Middtlfex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Land*. Pounds per Annum, and the Tenant is at the Trouble of Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read

collecting them: — the Third Time.

That Waggons pay a Toll of Three Pence* Cdrts One RefoPoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Penny Halfpenny, each loaded Horse and Afs One be, An Act to enable the Vicar of Kensington; in the

Penny, Beads a Halfpenny per Head, and Sheep Fout County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the

Pence per Score: — Glebe I^rnds belonging to the said Vicarage.

That the Tolls collected will not be sufficient to keep) Ordered-, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the

Bewd/ey Bridge in Repair, if the intended one should be Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

built: —

That all the Farmers in the Neighbourhood of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House E.i(l India Hundred House pass oVer Bewd/ey Bridge to Kidderminster to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Market; and that, as he apprehends, the New Bridge to take into further Consideration the Affairs erf the East

will affect the Tolls at Bewd/ey-, and likewise the Securi- India Company, bfe how read.

ties for Money borrowed on the Credit of the Turnpike And the said Order being read accordingly;

Roads leading to it; and that he never law any Carriage Resolved, That this House Will, upon this Day Seven-pass over Redstone Ferry. flight, refolVe itself into the said Committee.

Mr. George Perry (a Builder) being examined, said.

That he repaired Bewd/ey Bridge last Year, and that the Thfe House being informed that several material Al- Public Expence amounted to upwards of Two hundred and terations are necessary to be made in the Bill to explain. Highways* Forty Pounds; and was repaired in the Year 1756; amehd, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Sta-and, as he judged it, the Corporation must have then tutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public been at the Expence of Two. hundred and Thirty Highways of this Kingdom; which Bill was, upon Pounds, or thereabouts; and that the Bridge at present hefday the 17th Day of February last, reported from the requires Two hundred Pounds to be laid out on it, to Committee, to whom the same had been committed; put the same in good Repair i — and that the said Alterations cannot be inserted or made

That the Bridge and the Avenues to it are as conte- therein) so as to correspond with the present Provsions nient as any on the Severn j and that the Centre Arch of the said Bill, in the Form in which the same is now is Thirty-four Feet wide, and the Water Seven or Eight drawn;

Feet deep without any Fresh in the River: — Ordered, That the said Bill be withdravrn.

That the Water was not above the highest Part of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bridge in the last Flood, though the Centre Arch was explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, quite full, but the Water overflowed the lower Parts of the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the the Bridge, and the Avenues leading to it were impafia- Public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Pur-ble for Foot Passengers: — poses; And that Mr; Gilbert, Sir Thomas Sir

That at such Flood the Vessels could not pass through George Saviki Sir Cecil IViray. Sir John Turner, Mr. Gray,

Bewd/ey Bridge, or any other Bridge on the River Mr. Fuller, and Mr. bacon, do prepare, and bring in,

Severn, it being the greatest Flood that ever was known: the fame.

And he concluded by saying, He would not undertake

to keep the Bridge in Repair for the Amount of the pre- A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Browning and sent Tolls. — Then Mr. Cudd&n i

Mr. Timothy Clare, being examined, said, The Place Mr. Speaker; , .

where the Bridge is intended to be built is Five Miles The Lords have agreed to thi Bill, Intituled, An Act Criininal Three Quarters One Furlong and One hundred and for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws Laws-Fifty-four Yards from the Place, near Cray's Lane, in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom; without any called Twenty Acres; and that the Distance from Cray's Amendment: And also, _

Lane to Kidderminster, over Bewd/ey Bridge, is Five The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Goxhill Miles Two Furlongs and Sixty-six Yards; io that the for dividing arid Inclosing federal Lands arid Grounds in ncoure* Difference is not quite a Quarter of a Mile, should the the Parish of Goxhill, in the County of Lincoln-, without Bridge be built at Redstone Ferryany Amendment: And also.

That he apprehended the Road from Kidderminster to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drayton, the Place where the intended Bridge is to be built, is for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths, and [nc]0^rc< not a common Road, and that it cannot be repaired Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, without a Turnpike: And he confirmed the Evidence in the Counties of Salop and Stafford:, without any of Mr. Dadford, with regard to the new intended Road Amendment.

leading from the Cross Lanes to Kidderminster, over the And then the Messengers withdrew* intended Bridge: And added. That People from the . ' .

West Side of the River go over Bezvdley Bridge to 3ewd~ Mr. Lafeelles, from the Committee, to whom the &c <* ley Market; but if the intended Bridge should be built, Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders; and canal, they will go over tha‘, by which the Tolls at Bewdley others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, will be lessened; that Kidderminster Market is greater Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, than that of Bewdley: — . Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wether by.

That Worcester is a great Market for Hops, which will Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, be prejudiced should the intended Bridge be built, as Malton, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, irj the the People who now frequent that Market would go to County of 2 ork; and also, the Petition of Sir fyilltatn the Market at Stourport, as being nearer to Worcester-, Milner, Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard but that Bewdley Market is more Convenient than either Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well Worcester or Stourport Market. on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redfione, and Calder, in the County of York j and also, the in the County of Worcester, and for. making proper Ave- Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and nues and Roads to and from the same; and for making principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh ot Kirkby Kendal,

Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said iQ County of and also, the Petition

River, at Redstone aforesaid: And that Mr Dowdeswell, of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York)

Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, Mr. Junior, S\r William Bagot, and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood Sir John Wrottefiey, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, arid of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of The Trinity House trine in, the fame. of Kftigfion upon Hull -, and also, the Petition of

Vol. 34. 3 F fever#]

20a i6* — iy* MattiA. 1773*

ievefat of the principal Owners aftd Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Trader, arid Iriha-bitants, in and near the Town.of Leeds, in the County of fork; and also, ihe Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Lmictfier; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of K Upon and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmund's and Ipfvok, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the feveril Gentlemen, Merclunts, Traders, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed* residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gciiiffttfrc/ugh, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the (CVefal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Peffons employed in navigating. Boats, Barges, and other Veiftls, upon the Rivers of Air and , in the County of fork; and allb, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners arid Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds-,in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County, are referred; acquainted the House, That he was dlretted by the Committee to report to the House the special Matter upon Which a Witness was, in the said Committee, resolved to be an incompetent Witness; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read and is as followeth; Viz.

Mr. John SmedVon\ Ah Engineer* being called to give Evidence on Behalf of the Petition of Sir Williafn Milner, Baronet, and other Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, against the Petition for making a Canal from Leeds to Selby, was asked the following Questions j to which he gave the following Answers; viz.

Have you any Share in the UppCf Gilder Naviga*-tion ?

Yes, I have.

Does not the Value of the tipper Caldti Navigation depend on the Value of the Lower Calder Navigation ?

Yes; if the Lower Calder Was to be deftroj-ed, ours would be destroyed likewise, unless we could find another Way to the Sea;

'the Questioti being then put, That Mr. Stfteaton ii a competent Witness;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Evidence of Mr. John Smeaton, as a Competent Witness on the Hearing of the said Petitions*

Foreigners Mr. Alderman Hopkins, according to Order, reported Shipowners, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of built Ships to Foreigners* was committed* the Amendments wich the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House3 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Secbnd Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Ameridments, be ingrafted.

feteftions: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Occasional to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Voters, upon the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elcttions of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places* where the Right of Voting, is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made* and the Question Was pro*, a

posed, That it be an fcnstruction to the said Committee,

That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting ii in Freemen, Freeholders, Inhabitants, reliant, paying Scotland Lot.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Con) thittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill1, and made several Amendments thereunto) which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order iriade Upon last, for Corn,

receiving, upon Thursday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, was committed, be nOw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the feverril Oper\ Di-ax Fields, within the Township and Parish of Dr ax, in the *ncl#f*lre-West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolvecl, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Allanfoii, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Pive of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read \

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Timber the wholte House* to whom the Bill to extend the Prd- Trees* virions of kn Act* made In the sith Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled; " An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods, and " Underwoods; and for the further Preservation of - Roots, Shrubs* and Plants*" to Poplar, Alder*

Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam, was committed, be received To-morrdw Morning;

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Ten of the Clock.

MirCUfr'ij 1 y die Martii; Anno 13* Georgii III"1 Regis* 1773.

Pit Ay e r S.

St R Thomas Claveriilg prefehted to thri Hotife, ac- £jurj, am.

cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms &c. and Powers of Two Acts* of the Twentieth and Twenty- Road, sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of ham i in the County of Dtlrhani, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolveid, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Blanchard's Esquire, now called Robert Athorpe , and his Name.

Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased; was read the Third Time.

Rugfej

Inclosure.

Thorpe on the Hitt inclosute.

Timber

Tree*.

feffex

Gad.

Hampton,

fee.

Roads.

13 Geo. III.

17* Matin.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Robert Blanchard, Esquire,

now called Robert Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname or Athorpe only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Colonel Saint Leger do carry \he Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and irtclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea* dows. Common Grounds, Heath-, and Waste Ground> in the Manor and Parish of R*gby\ in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing ana inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rigby, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwtlh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence1.

Mr. Amcotls reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, PatWres, Furze, and Waste Grounds, in $ie Parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therpunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and Upon the Question feveiully put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr. Byng, according to Order, reported From the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Prdviflons of an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods " and Underwoods , and for the further Preservation of " Roots, Shrubs, and Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and whifch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Secorid Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill For raising a ftltther Smu of Motiey for the Purpose of rebuilding the Commdri daol of the County of Efex, was rtad a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr.

Conyeri, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker^ Chamber.

The House was moVed, That the Report, which; upon the First Day of February last, was made from the Comthittee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved, That the Order, made

Vol. 34.

upon the said First Day of February, " That Leave be " ven to bring in a Bill for amending and keeping in epair the Road from Hampton Court to the Town of " Staines, in the County of Middlesex," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be givfen to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the.Road from the Guide Poji, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, . in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Vincent and Mr I Musgrave, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent pt'dfetfted to the House; according Ditto.-, to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide at the West End of the Town of Hampton, ’over Sunbury,

CommoA, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex: And the famfe was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs LftbteKei* of the City of London attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commotis, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting’forth. That the Petitioners, always ready to unite in every Degree of Support necessary for the Security, Interest, and Honour, of the Nation, cannot help lamenting, with serious Concern, the frequent Toleration of Lotteries, in Time of Peace; and the Petitioners eonceive, that such a Parliamentary Right of Gaming; especially in this Trading City, is highly injurious to the Commerce of this Kingdom, and to the Welfare and Prosperity of the People, tftany of whom; from an.ideal and flattering Pfofpeft of rapidly accumulating Wealth Without the Means of honed Industry, resort to Methods of railing Money by dangerous and unwarrantable Practices, in order to become Adventurers, thereby involving themselves in a Labyrinth of Difficulties, oftentimes terminating in very distressful Consequentes; and to the Ruin of many Families: And therefore praying the House to give so important a Subject that full Consideration which the Nature of it necessarily requires, and to grant such Relief as shall be judged expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-.

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from the Ei«aionc Committee of the whole House,. to whom the Bill for Cjecafiontl preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members *0""* to lerve in Parliament, lor such Cities; Boroughs, and Places; where the Right of Voting is in the Inhabitants only; or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, was committed; the Ariieildments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and hfc read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deljverecl the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number olF Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as rtiall be fufc ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report Be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fedrn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the present high Price of Corn and Prttn®*0*-Provisions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered,.

2-64 .17 Mdrtti.

Call of the Ordered, TW the Order of the Day, for calling over Hodf<s. the Names of such Members as upon this Day Fortnight fnade Defaiilt to appear, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

The Lift of such Mferribers being called over. One of them was excused oil Account of Ulness, and the rest appeared.

A Message from the Lords# by Mr. and

M r. Cuddort i Mr. Speaker,-

Shipftoa, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act See. for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, Road*, passed in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reigrt of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing thfe Road leading from a Gate called Shipfion Toll Gale, at Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of through

Alderminster and S/tipJton upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton HHl, in the said County of and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Milestone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said first-mentfofted Road j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Haddon for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common indofure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, Lot, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of East Haddon, in the County of Northamptonwithout any Amendment: And also,

Shaftetbory The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late tes’ of Anthony Earl of Shdftesbury, deceased, during the Minorities of his Children } and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Mary, Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, as Guardian of Anthony Ashley, now Earl of Shaftesbury, her Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting certain Messuages and Tenements, situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Macclesfield The Lords have passed a Bili, intituled, An Act for (Earl of) vdling certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Estates. Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Wilts, Part of the settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands; Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purjfofes therein mentioned 5 to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Linen Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Trade. jnt0 the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Frederick Campbell, General Conway, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Protestant A Petition -of the Ministers and People of the Dif-Diflcntera. fenting Congregations, meeting at and near Chatham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is brought into the House, relative to Subscription,

; as is now by Law established; and that the Petitioners,

therefore, as Protestant Dissenters, cannot view the Attacks upon their Religious Liberty, under the Toleration Act, without opposing any Attacks that may be made thereon, as the Dissenters of true Reformation

Principles still remain in the same uniform Establishment, from a full Assurance, that the Articles arc necessary, to opj>ofe the dangerous Tenets of Popish Errors, as well as of Arianism, and other mischievous Doctrines: And therefore hope it may not pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Eowdefwell reported from the Committee, to Sambourfc whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure-and Waste Land, within the Manor of , in the

Parish of Coughton, in the County of Warwick, wa« committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Manor of the Annual Value of £. 89, who refilled to lign the Bill; and that the Annual Value of the-Estates of the Proprietors who have consented to the Bill is £.899. 1 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout , and then a Second Time, One by One > and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Kefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meaw‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The othtfr Order of the Day being read, for the Protestant House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dissentcra. House,- upon the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now' leave the Chair . The House divided:

The Noes went forth:

Te,.eK for,. Yea,

Tellers J,«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

L,ock e

13 Geo. III. 170 — 180 Martiu . 205

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Toynlons, in the Townships of Toyuto All Saints and Toytiton Saint Peter's, in the county of .

Ordered, That Lord Brownl Bertie do carry the Bill to the l,ord$, and detire their Concurrence.

jfovts, 18° die Martii \

Anno 13° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1773#, Prayers.

Kington, it jgR. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. 1V1 the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through The Hall Lane, so far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Mountain, to Eardijley, to Almely, to Eck/ey’s to Eardi-

Jland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Everthorpe, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain &c* Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Inclosure. Lojdflhp of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North , in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Witton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain &c. ’ Moors, or Commons, within the Townships of Witton Inclosure. lc Wear and North B within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Manor of , in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, within the Townships of Witton le Wear and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Manor of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Toynton*, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain &c. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Com-Inclosure. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toynton All Saints and Toynton Saint Peter's, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Common-

Vol. 34.

Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom Brighthelm* the Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, <Jone Lanes, and Places, within the Town of avmS*

in the County of Sussex ;for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town j for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast iafe and commodious for Ships or

Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes, was committed, That the Commiteee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments rhereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through- out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, Turnips, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King &<= George the Second, as relates to the preventing the dealing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips,

Potatoes, Cabbages, and Carrots, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectualljr preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. M'Doxvall reported from the Committee, to Greenock whom the Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making Harbour, more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of ock, and for making a new Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lyon reported from the Committee, to whom the Aberdeen Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more com- Harbour, modious, the Harbour of Aberdeen-, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, was committed, That the Committee had. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame 3 G to

0,0-6 18* Marti*. A. 1775.

v

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the" Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon . were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to

by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wilton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township Or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of E/lerburrt. in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 22. To leave out the Exception, relating to Tythes.

Pr. 8. 1. 22.7 To leave out " if any such should ap-23.3 pear to be due."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Wilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exeter Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge ove( the River Exe, at or near tess Wear; and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newbold, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-i Wb, mon fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of nc C* Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. with, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s-Chamber.

Ross Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to (Hereford) whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the 03 Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, accord- Ham ing to Order, a Bill for amending, lighting, and watching, the Roads leading from Ham to Richmond, in the Roads!1 County of Surrey: And the lime, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Richmond the 2d Day of this Instant "March, "That Leave bg Bridge.

" given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge acrois " the River of Thames, from Richmon, in, the County " of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of " Middlesex," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, that the said Order be discharged;

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and other tilt Inhabitants of Richmond, and Places adjacent, in the bounty of Surrey, whojjb] Names are thereunto subscribed,

which was presented to the House upon the 28th Dajf of January last; together with the Proceedings of thie House thereupon; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill far building a Bridge across the River of , frotu

Richmond, in the County of Surr> the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex-,anciroenable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned t And that Sir Francis Vmceut, Lord Frederick and

Mr. Powuall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord- skipton ,ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable (E.of Thanet) Sackville Earl of Thanet, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal.

Canal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skip.-

tonCastle, in the County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal, from to

Liverpool, in a Clole called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of; And -the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, Skipton and the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and KHdwick, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Codrington presented to the House, ac- Beckford, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the &c.

Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Inclosure. Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford, and County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Thorpe on Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze, the Hill and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of on the Inclosure.

Hill, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Furze, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Thorpe on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered,

Foreigners Part Ship Owners.

Foreign

Protestants

Nat.

FranePs

Nat.

Linen

Trade.

Mercers

Company.

13 Geo. III.

18 Marl 'd.

207

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do 'Carry the Bill to the Lords, and -desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Abuses in the Sale or Shares of Briti/k-bvWt Ships to Foreigners, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass:^ And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of Brkish-built Ships to Foreigners.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title be. An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’-s Colonies in America-, and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph Franel, was read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the linen Manufacturers of the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Committee is appointed, to enquire into the present State of the Linen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and representing to the House, that the Linen Manufacture in that Part of the Kingdom has, within these few last Years, greatly declined; and th^t the Manufacturers are at present in a most distressed Situation, and the Manufacture in Danger of being loft; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to the increased Importation of Foreign Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and to pass such Laws as may seem best adapted for the Encouragement of the Home Manufacture of Linen, and to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The House being informed that Mr. Cavern, Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1771 to the " 10th of October 1772, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the 21st " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitints of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery " of Mercers of the City of London; and the other of

VOL, 34.

" the Fourth Year of the Reign of i-Iis present Majesty " King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read- ' r \

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon tjif T|ble, ' to be perused by the Members of the House. , f, /)

The said Paper is preferred amongst ,d*c other Papers of this Session.

’ . " i-.t

The House was moved, That the Report, which, -upon King’* the 12th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas, on’

Marshal of the Marshalsea of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, was referred* might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give . Directions for repairing and enlarging the Prison of the: Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, in ,fpch Manner that the same may be rendered safe and convenient for the Prisoners already confined therein; and for the Reception of such Persons as may hereafter be brought, sent, or committed, to -the said Prison; and to affine His Majesty, that the Expence which shall be' incurred on this Account, shall be made good to His Majesty by this House;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bill to incorporate certain Persons to be therein GU(i lisa-named, and thier Successors, with proper Powers, for nu a onw' the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within the Kingdom of Great Britain y and for the more effectually supporting and conducting- the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided*

The Yeas went forth.

General Fitzroy, -j

Mr. Thomas Townshend, i. 40*

Junior: J

.'Sir Richard 7 -

IMr. Whitbread: J IO*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock-

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Ysneris,

208

i 9° Martii.

A. 1773,

SwalcIiffe

Inclosure.

Veneris t 190 die Martii;

Anno 13° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773.

P R A V £ R S.

THE Lord Wenman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibford , and in

the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of , was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 3J Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is 80 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in'at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questi<5n severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro fled.

lower-bank’* An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. jiflolve the Marriage of John Featherston Boiverbank, with Am Jane Bonnett, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hoogbton,

S

Inclosure.

Colonel Barre reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Town-ships, and Liberties of Houghton cum , in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 270 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 17 Acres and an Half, who were not at Home; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contains 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ' made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwartls delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Fences dial I be made on Witton Meadows,

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for determining Differences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do make the Report from jsTafforcf, the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and &c. inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Inclosure. Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of in the County of Worcester, was committed.

Mr. Ward accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and . that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 13 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Quantity of Lands, in the said Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hart be added to the Gentlemen, Redstone who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill for Bridge, building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid.

A Petition of the Huckaback Table Linen Manu- Linen factures of Darlington, in the County of Durham, was Trade* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Committee is appointed, to enquire into the present State of the Linen Manufactory of these Kingdoms; and representing to the House, that the Linen Manufacture in that Part of the Kingdom has, within these few Years past, greatly declined; and that the Manufacturers are at present in a most distressed Situation, and the Trade and Manufacture there in Danger of being loft; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to the increased Importation of Foreign Table Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and to pass such Law's as may seem belt adapted for the Encouragement of the Home Manufacture of Linen, and to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, and Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been long concerned in the Linen Manufacture, which is a very valuable Object in that Part of the Kingdom; and that it has, for feme Years past, been greatly on the Decline, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the great Importation of Foreign Linen and Yarn, which engrofies the Market, and threatens soon tp annihilate the Honie Trade, if some Regulations are not speedily adopted for its Preservation: And therefore praying the House to take the present distressed State of the Linen Manufacture under Consideration, and to grant such Relief as the urgent Necessities of the same may seem to require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Lord

.13 Geo. III. to? Marin. 209

Hemingby Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, lcciol'ure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby,\n the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and -that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One.of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for determining Differences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

- ingrossed.

Fallgrave. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Inclosure w^om Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Ground:,within the Manor and Township of Walfgrave, otherwise in the Parish of

Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given-their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Rent of £. 162; and that the.Annual Rent of the Lands to be inclosed amounts to 1,245. > a°d-

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for determining Differences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shaftelbory An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^Estates^ to ena, bk Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late of Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceased, during the Minorities of his Children; and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, as Guardian of Anthony Ashley, now Earl of , her Infant Son,

and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting certain Messuages and Tenements, situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborti, in the County of Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ealand, &c. Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding Vox. 34.

of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto re^-spectively subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'l'able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts for repairing the said Road were read: Then

Mr. James Hebdeu produced Two Books of Accounts* and an Extract, whereby the Debt due upon the Credit of the said Tolls appeared to be 5,769. 15. o, with Interest for the same from June 1769.

And he informed the Committee, That many Parts of the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, by Reason of the heavy Carriages passing the fame, and the Badness of Materials for repairing the fame; and that it is impossible to repair the said Roads, and repay the Sum owing upon the Credit of the Tolls, during the subsistingTerm of the Act.

That the Road might be much improved, by turning the fame, in several Places, to avoid the steep Hills; and that the same is in many Places too narrow.

That the present Tolls are insufficient for repairing the Road; and- that the said Act is in many Particulars defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 14th and 26th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir James Pennyman and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refuffiing Greenock the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was Harbour, made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; and for making a new Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to»the Bill, That no Tax shall be levied on Dwelling Houses.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved,. That this House will, upon Monday Seven- clergymen night, the 29th Day of this Instant March, resolve it- officiating self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider in Prison* of a proper Method for providing for the Maintenance of Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols, and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England. /

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Wales: discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits.in His Majesty’s Courts at , mM*

in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales: And that Sir 3 H William

Protestant

Dissenters.

Afla y Offices.

Committees.

Cox’s

Museum.

310 to Martii.^1775.

William Bagot, Sir Aagrr M Mr. Mackworth, Mr.

il/Vr, Sir Thomas Wynn, and Sir Nicholas Bailey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Henry Hogkton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of a great Number of His Majesty’s Subjects, the Protestant Differing Ministers, and likewise others of His Majesty’s §ubjqfts dissenting from the Church of England, which was presented to the House upon the Third Day of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, upon the Third Reading <?f the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay " Masters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Cities of " York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, and ," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Chairman of the Committee (appointed to inquire into the Manner of conducting the several Assay Qifices in London, York, Exeter, Brijloli Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Manner in which Wrought Plate is assayed and marked, and also into the Frauds and Abuses that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and Silver Plate, and Plated Work; and to examine and report the fame, with their Observations thereon, to the House) do report to the House the.Minutes of the Evidence taken by the said Committee, relative to the Execution of the Assay Office at Chester, together with the Proceedings of the said Committee thereupon;

It passed in the Negative.

AMotion was made, and the Question being put, That the Chairman of the said Committee do report to the House the Evidence given by Mr. Richard before the said Committee, upon Wednesday last;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Cox, Jeweller, and Citizen of London, was referred.

Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, and had directed a State thereof to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows;

'* 9

It appeared by the Evidence of Jasper Jay, Book-keeper to the Petitioner, that Mr. is a Jeweller in Shoe Lane, and has finished many curious and expensive Pieces of Mechanifin, ornamented with Jewels, to the Value of near £. 110,000, which are now in his MufeOm in Spring Garden.

That for about Seven Years past the Petitioner has employed from Eight hundred to One thousand Workmen, in finishing several like Pieces of Mechanism, in the Course of his Trade as a Jeweller; and during that Time has exported to the East Indies, Goods of that,

Kind, to the Amount of £.741,317, and has sold as many there as amounted to £.557,448; the Remainder having been, or being likely to be, returned upon his Hands.

That the said Museum is composed, as well of such Pieces, which have been returned from the East dies, as of others,'which were designed to be lent thither; and, being adapted to the Taste of that Part of the World, cannot be easily disposed of in the common Course of Trade; which Circumstance, together with the present Scarcity of Money, has unavoidably reduced the Petitioner and his Creditors to very great Difficulties.

Charles Grant, Esquire, who was the Petitioner’s Agent in Bengal, produced to your Committee an Account of several Consignments of Mechanical Pieces of the Sort of those composing the Museum, made to him. there from the Petitioner, to the Amount of 80,bop and upwards; and that, upon his Return, he found that the Petitioner had sent over other Goods of the same Kind, to the Amount of£. 17,000 more.

That though Goods of this Sort are much admired in ftfia, and those of the Petitioner in particular, of

greater Estimation than any other that have been sent from Europe, yet, on Account of the present Scarcity of Money in that Part of the World, several of them have not yet nor can at present be disposed of.

Alexander Jameson, Esquire, Captain of the Horsen-

den Indiaman, informed your Committee, That he has disposed of Goods in China, to the Amount of^. 36,000, on Account of the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Mechanical Pieces are highly esteemed by the Chinese; and had not the Manilha Ship loft its Passage for Two Years successively, which occasioned a great Scarcity of Money in China, other Goods belonging to the Petitioner, to the Amount of £. 40,000, might have been disposed of there.

And that the Demand for such Kind of Goods has decreased in China, in consequence of the Diminution of the Trade of the East India Company with the Chinese.

And it appeared to your Committee, That the said Goods are of too great a Value to be disposed of by the common way of Sale.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox's Museum, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors: And that Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Alderman Harley, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wayi »n< Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

13 Geo. Ill

13s Martii.

Mart is, 2 30 die Anno 13° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Rochester A/JR . Marshamreported from the Committee, to and 1VX whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Maid (tone Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for Road* carrying into Execution the several Acts of Parliament thereinafter particularly mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint , in

chester, to Maidftom, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of and also Two Acts

passed in the Ninth and Twenty-second Years of his said late Majesty, for continuing and amending the said Act of the First Year of his laid late Majesty, were read: And

Mr. Thomas Willard, being examined, said, That the Trustees had proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and had borrowed the Sum of 800, which, together with the Tolls, had been applied in repairing the said Road; that several Parts of the said Road are narrow, out of Repair, and incommodious to Travellers, and that the same cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Roches, to and other

Roads therdn mentioned, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Gregory do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

E*«er, &c. A Petition of the Sheriff, Grand Jury of the County Roads. of Devon, and other Gentlemen, Trustees of the Turnpike Roads adjacent to the City of Exeter, was pre-lehted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for amending several Roads adjacent to the ' laid City; and that the Petitioners observe, that Petitions have been presented,. for taking in, and making a Part of the said Turnpike Roads, several Roads in the Neighbourhood of the said City, and particularly a Cross Road leading from the Crab Tree on the -

ton Road, over Broad Clift Heath, and from thence to The Crown and Scepter, in the Road to Honiton from Exeter, and also from Broad Clift Heath, to . ,i if the Poltimore Road, and from Pound, through Monkerton Village and Moor , over Clift Common, through Riding Lane, to the Red Poll in the Topsham Road; and that the said Cross Roads communicate with several great Turnpike Roads; and that it is a much shorter and . easier Road for Carriages, as by that means Travellers will avoid several great Hills, going from the Towns of Tiverton, Taunton, ton, and other conltderable Trading Towns, to the City

Vol. 34.

of Exeter, and to the Town and Port of Topsham; and that there are at present several Stop Gates upon the said Road, so that Travellers pay the Toll to the Exe*

ter Turnpike for parting thereon, although the said Road is not a Part of the Roads directed to be amended by the former Acts, and the same is now ruinous and in Decay: And therefore praying. That the said Cross Roads may be taken in, and amended as Part of the Turnpike Roads, and may be included in the Trust of the intended Act, as a Part thereof.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, madi in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act:

" to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, fof " amending several Roads leading from the City of " Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other " Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or rcpairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading " thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge " over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear, in the County of Devon," and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, in the Name of the Petitioners, for further Powers, to enable them eft'oftually to carry into Execution, and to complete, the several Purposes. of the said Acts; and that several unforeseen Difficulties have arisen, during the Progress of the Bili brought in upon the said Petition; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will occasion many great Inconveniences, if the same should pals into a Law: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be permitted to withdraw their said former Petition, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for more effec-' tually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter-, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear-, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Hemming’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An &c.

Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Reverend Samuel dilate. Hemmitig, Clerk, and Maria his Wife, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to George Adams, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and for veiling the Purchase Money in other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same so be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satislaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable preffon, &*,. Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Inclosure. Township of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

212

230 Mar tit. A. 1773*

Faifgrave, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. ^'ornrnons> ar>d Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Walfgrave, otherwise in the

Parish of Scarboroughin the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Walfgrave, otherwise , in the Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords-, and desire their Concurrence.

_Purh*n?to A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two yi Road. ^fts, ^ie Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the lleign of his late Majesty, for repairing- the High Road leading from the City of , in the County of

Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Fane, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brighthelm- An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, and cleans-Streets^&c the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town of

Brighthelmstone, in the county of ; for removing

Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast lafe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town of

helmftone, in the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to tender the Coast fate and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hampton A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Road1* Pa‘r» riie Road from the Guide at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Common, to the

Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Sir James Cockburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ham to A Bill for amending, lighting, and watching, the Richmond Roat]s leading from Ham to Richmond, in the County oa s* of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wale*: Ordered, That the Lord Lisburne and Mr. Griffith

-Frivolous Phillips be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed Suits. £0 prepare, and bring in, a Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous anil vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Caules of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales', and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Hemingby Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and Inclosure. other Commonable Land?, within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords,-and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An FranelV Act for naturalizing Joseph Franelwas read a Second Nat Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick-dale, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for veiling certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in Maccles* the Counties ol' Oxford, Berks, and Wilts, Part of the Eftaie*. settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, Bernard’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estates. An Act for vesting the Manors of East and West ley, and certain other Hereditaments in the County of Devon, Part of the settled Estates of James Bernard,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Matthew Brick-dale, Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the said Premises, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had elamined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath Agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for deepening, cleansing, and mak- Greenock ing more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of ^ar^)0Br* Greenock; anti for making a new Harbour there; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, withip the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. MDowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Harcourt presented to the House, according Stanton to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Harcourt the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Inclosure, Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton

13 Geo. III. 23 ° Marti.213

ton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gowdall, Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom Indotnrf ^ie of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Common Right Tenements, or interested in the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Town ship of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Taylor, being examined, said. That he knows the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the Petition; that they are open, and inconveniently situated for the Proprietors,

That the Commons and Waste Lands are at present of little Advantage to the Persons having Right of Common thereon, many of them being overgrown with Furze, and yielding little Grass.

That all the Commons, and some Parts of the other Lands, are liable to be overflowed; and it would be a great Advantage to the Proprietors, if Provision was made for draining the said Low Grounds, and for dividing and allotting the Whole amongst the several Proprietors, according to their several Rights and Interests therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for draining and preserving the fame: And that Mr. Ridley, Sir fames Penny man. Sir George Sav'tle, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Culgaithe Sir fames Lowther presented to the House, according inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common - and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of

Culgaithe, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brthral Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to

Grc?n whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish

Workhouse. cf gai, lt Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, to pay Debts already con traded in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Refohed, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Prfflrn Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Com-^inreT'* m*ttee> to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and In cloture, inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadpws, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Preston, in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee Vot. 34.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrbfled Bill for enlarging the Term, and vary- mR°r* ing the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty- ' '

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Kington, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of p^f the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through The Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Mountain, to Eardifley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eardifley, to Turnpike Gate, in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through The Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends, and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardifley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County; ami for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eardifley, to fVillerfley Turnpike Gate, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for deepening, cleansing, and making Aberdeen more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erect- Harbour, ing new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting New Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyon do carry the Bill to the t>ards, and desire their Concurrence.

t

S

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Stamford, Farmers, and others, residing near to the Road leading &c* from a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the °* *’

31 Lordship

Kirbythore,

See.

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Nafford,

&c.

Inclosure.

Coughton,

See.

Inclosure.

214 230 Ma 1773.

Lordship of Burley, in the County of ,called

Booth's Close, through the several Parishes of and Greet ham, in the said County of Rutland, to the Nort h Turnpike Road, near the Village of Stretlon, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from S Colgate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland; and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close in the said Lordlliip of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to" the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutla/td; and Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Gate on the North Side of the said Close called Booth's Close, through the several Parishes of Cottefmore and Greetham, in- the said County of Rutland, to the North Turnpike Road near to the Village of Stretton, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and amended by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Mr. Martin, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther be added to the Gentleman, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of

William Norton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Temple

Sowerby, George Atkinson, John Salkeld, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of Westmoreland.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Tracts, or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sozverby Moor, The Down Moor, The Whinns, and

Parsons Close, within the Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of Westmoreland:And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Birlingham, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parish of Nafford, and Chapelry of Birlingham, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the Parish of Coughton, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the 1 Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, within the Manor of Sambourn, in the Pari 111 of Coughton, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Air. Ward do carry the Bill to the.. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingfoftld Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within-the Town and Territories of Burjlwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum in Holderness,

in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town and Territories of Burjlwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of Skeckling cum Burjlwick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground within the Township of East in

the East Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of One Half Share of a Common Right, and of Land charged to the Land Tax at 8r. 6 a Year; and all'o, except the Owners of Lands in the said Townlliip, charged to the Land Tax at 19 r. 6 a Year, who could not be met with; and that the Whole Number of Common Rights amounts to 24; and the Whole of the Land Tax of the said Township amounts to upwards of £.23 a Year; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Air. Ward be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid.

Air. Ward presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late of Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceased, during, the Alinorities of his Children; and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, as Guardian of Anthony Aftdey, now Earl of Shaftesbury, her Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of respecting certain Alelfuages and Tenements, situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew Ho/born, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Air. Ew?r, Nr. Harris, See,: And they are to meet this

Afternoon,

Bard wick Inclosure.

Cot.'inguith

Inclosure.

Red (lone Bridge.

Ditto.

Shaftesbury (Earl of) E Hates.

13 Geo. III. $3° Mar, 2i5

Afternoon, at Five of the Cloclc, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Whitgreave Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

lndofure. wilom flie Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Whitgreave., in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Houghton, An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, &c. the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable lndofure. Latins and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Townships, and Liberties, of Houghton cum in the County of H, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Townships, and Liberties, of Houghton cum in

the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Colonel Bar re do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bowerbank’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, to difiolve the Marriage of John Featherston Bowerbank, with Ann Jane Bonnett, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the First Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Farcett The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Kn, &c. whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen rai*age. Lanjs an(j Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcett adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 172 Acres and Two Roods of Land, intended to be drained, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 37 Acres, whole Places of Abode were not known; and also except the Proprietors of 124 Acres, who were not at Home when called upon; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained contain 1,633 Acres, or thereabouts; Vol. 34.

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrrant to Dover Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, in the Room of Sir Thomas Pym Hales,

Baronet, deceased.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable Earl Skipton

of Thanet to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a (E‘°cJnhaanct* Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle, in the ana ’ County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Clole called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. HuJJey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Haltham, Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common &c* Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the a Manors of Haltham cum Roughton, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fownallpresented to the House, according to Bread.

Order, a Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, Wales — a Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing fri- Fr^?’°as volous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at U1 Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Forest in a Bill for the Encrease and Preservation of Timber, Timber, in the Forest of Pickering, in the County of York; and in the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford-, and in the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex;

The Lord North acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that His Majesty gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, to the bringing in such a Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 7 the

G.

216 23* Mar tit. v A. 1773.

the Encrease and P rest rvat ion of Timber, in the Forest of Pickering, in the County of York; and in the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford; and in the Chafe of Endfieldin the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Skynner, the Lord Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Morton, and Mr. Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Linen Ordered, That all the Accounts which have been pre-Txade. fented to the House, relative to the Linen Trade or Manufacture, since the Year 1730, be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That all Accounts which have been presented to the House, relative to the Exportation of Goods, or Merchandize, from Great Britain, to any Place or Places Abroad, except America, or the West Indies, since the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijk and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Peferbo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Ah r°Roads?C for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of

Parliament, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the county of ; and for

repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And

Farmbo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c- Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, 03 of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North West End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the 'said County; without any. Amendment: And also,

NewcafQe, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

c 1tC’r a to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His

0 ra c* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the <lLoading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of "castle and Sunderland ft without any Amendment: And also,

Chatteris The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Op-Ftelds, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of c’ Agreement, for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, and enjoying, several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also for ascertaining the Parts or Lots belonging to each Commoner, in certain Fens therein mentioned; and for impowering the Commoners to plough and cultivate the said Fens, for a certain Number of Years therein limited; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands, in the Open Fields of Chatteris, to fence the fame; without any Amendment; And also,

Montgo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *>«ry» &c- Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the

Roads.

Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several

Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and

Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act

of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates

to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile

Stone from the Welsh Gate, in and the

Towns of Pool and Oswestry; and for repairing several

other Roads therein mentioned; with One Amendment;

to which 'Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence

of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Jesus’ impower the Wardens, Preceptor, or Master. of the Almshouse Scholars and poor People of the Almshouse or Hospital Estate' of Jesus, in Gijbume, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage, and divers Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Almshouse, or Hospital, unto Charles Turner, of Kirklea-tham, in the said County, Esquire, and his Heirs; and to enable the said Wardens, Preceptor, or Master, of the Scholars and poor People of the Almshouse or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry Hewgi/l, of Hornby Grange, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Puchase of a certain Messuage or Tenement, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Birkby, in the North Riding of the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them and their Succpffors, for the Use, Benefit, and Advancement, of the said Charity; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and en- Cherill, larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seven- &c* teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Ro*<* George the Second, for repairing the Road from through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the

Three Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzmavrice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Julliott, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Account. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year 1772."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

To

i^-

Bast India Affairs.

Whichcot’t

Estate.

13 Geo. III. 23° — 240 Martiu 21 j

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds.

S. P.

Exchequer, the 23d Day of March 1773*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration, the Affairs of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 24* Mart it;

Anno 13* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

LO.ltD Brozvnlow Bo-tie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exonerating Part of the real Estate of 'Thomas Whichcot, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, from a Debt of Ten thousand Pounds,

charged thereon, for the Portions of the younger Children of Christopher IVhichcole, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter of the said 'Thomas IVhichcot; and for subjecting and charging other Lands, of greater Value, to the Payment thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Yol. 34.

without any Amendment! And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Whit ton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibf Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Township, Liberties, and pTccinfts, of Broad Sibford, otherwise Sibford Gower, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord IVenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bofcawen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the 27th and 29th Years of King George the Second, for amending and altering 3 K several

Whitton

Inclosure.

Swalcliffe,

&c.

Inclosarc.

Truro,

&<.

Roads.

ai8 24 Martii. 1773.

several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro; and . a.1 so for amending and widening the Road from the lower

Part of Coinage Hall Street, to a Place called The Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thenceto Mopas, and from the Turnpike Road at Lane's End to the Great Road leading from Alms House to The

Four Burrows in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River at Steppings aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stockport Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Glebe Lands, whom the Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands, in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Pari Hi Church of Stockport aforesaid, was committed ;-.That thg Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

King|s Lynn Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to Pilots. whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to, and out of, the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridge-men conducting Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Franel’s Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Corn-Mat. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joseph was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America; and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers, or Soldiers, in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between Charles Turner, Esquire, and the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College, in Cambridge; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of

certain Lands and Premises, in the County of for other Lands and Premises in the same County, belonging to Thomas Foley, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Southwell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Longmarston, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the same County, belonging to Thomas Foley, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, residing near to the Road leading from a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the Lordship of Burley, in the County of Rutland, called Booth's Close, through the several Parishes of Cottefmore and Greetham, in the said County of Rutland, to the North Turnpike Road, near the Village of Stretton, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Exton, being examined, said. That he knows the Road described in the Petition; that it is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Militia.

Mutiny,

Sec.

(America.)

Foreign

Protestant*

Nat.

(America.)

Turner’s,

&c. Exchange of Lands.

Dean, Sec. of Worcester, Exchange of Lands.

Longmarftoa

inclosure.

Dean, tec. of Worceller, Exchange of Lands.

Stamford,

See.

Roads.

Fall

Cottingwith

inclosure.

Wales: Frivolous Suits.

Forth and Clyde Navigation.

Hockwold

(SouthLeveJ;

Drainage.

Fall India Affairs — Committee

ol Secrecy.

13 Geo. III. 24° — 250 219

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a (Sate on the North Side of a certain Clole in the said Lordl'hip of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the said Gate, through the Parishes of Coltefmore and Greetham, to the North Turnpike Road near to the

Village of Stretlon, in the County of Rutland.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground, within the Township of East in

the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground, within the Township of East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrinyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales', and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sections in Wales, be printed.

Mr. Dtindas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River, of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carroti, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of G/afgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borro.w/iounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon Paver, and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New and the

Hard Lands of Woodhall in Helgay, and in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; which Bill was, upon Monday the zzd Day of February last,. read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Alderman Harley from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Eflefts, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Ob-Vot. 34.

fervations thereupon) acquainted the House, that the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy thereof is with the Original

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the Affairs in the East Indies, that they do immediately enquire into the Conduct of the Directors of the said Company respecting the Declarations of the Dividends on their Stock, which were paid in February and August 1772: And also, to enquire whether any Associations in which any of the said Directors were concerned for the Purchase or Sale of East India Stock, in the Years 1771 and 1772, were connected with such Declarations of Dividends;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

After the Word " whether," and before the Word " any," to insert the Words " there were," and after the Words " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two," and before the Word " were," to insert the Words " And how far the said Associations, if " any," and at the End of the Question to insert " and "to report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, " to the House."

The said Amendments were, together with the Original Motion, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy2 5° Martii;

Anno 13® Georgii III. U Regis, 1773. Prayers.

MR. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages " within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing " and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, " there, and for removing and preventing Nuisances " and Obstructions thereinand for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was committed; That the Committee

Ball India Affairs.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Birmingham

Streets,

&c.

North Level (id District) Debt and Drainage*

Cox's

Museum.

Stockport Glebe Lands.

220 250 Martid. 1773*

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of " the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the " Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the " Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt " due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and " for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North' " Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money " to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level " in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said " North Level; and for the more effectual draining " and preserving the said North Level, and divers " Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second District, in the said Act described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 173 Acres, 1 Rood, and 20 Perches, who refused to lign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 26 Acres, 2 Roods, and 24 Perches, who could not be found; and that the Quantity of the Lands that will be affected by the Bill amounts to 3,591 Acres, and 9 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Mack-worth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox's Museum, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Lied or of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands, in the Township of Stockpmt aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Redo/y, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church 3

of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Several Parishes of Round Aften, Morvil, Barrow Much Wenlock, and Afiley Abbotts, in the County of Salop, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Montagu, &c.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

! Mr. James Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tingewick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had heard Counsel on Behalf of the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Estates, in the Parish of Prefion Bijjet, in the County of Bucks-, and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bili, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford, and County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward, Mr. Ryder, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between Charles Turner, Esquire, and the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College, in Cambridge, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which, upon the 12th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Benjamin Thomas, Marshal of the Marshalsea of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State

Aftley

Abbotts,

&c.

Inclosure.

Tingewick,

See.

Inclosure.

Beckford, Sc c. Inclosure.

Turner's,

Sec.

Exchange of Lands.

King’s

Bench

Ptifon.

221

13 Geo. III. 250 .

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows;

Mr. Thomas Marfden, Clerk of the Day Rules in the King’s Bench, being examined, said, That in Trinity Term 1768 there were 338 Persons, and in the same Term 1769,413, confined in the said Prison; and But, though an Act for Release of Insolvent Debtors was passed between the Years 1769 and 1770, there were 233 Prisoners in Trinity Term 1770, and 225 in 1771, confined in the said Gaol; and that the Number of Persons confined at present therein, is 214 — That before the said Prison was re-built in 1754, the same was thought very full if more than 80 Prisoners were under Confinement therein — that there are only 84 Rooms on the Master’s Side of the said Prison, which Rooms are 9 Feet wide, by 9 Feet 6 Inches deep — that there are 24 Rooms on the Common Side, which are occupied by Prisoners in the most indigent Circumstances, who are supported by Charity; and 12 Rooms 9 Feet 8 Inches wide, by 9 Feet 5 Inches deep, on the Crown Side, for Prisoners committed for Offences; and that there are 12 Rooms in the State House for better fort of Crown Prisoners, amounting in the whole to 132 Rooms only. — That frequently many Prisoners are obliged to’lodge in One Room, which renders it very inconvenient and unwholesome to the Persons confined in the said Prison. — That on account of the Number of Prisoners always greatly exceeding the Number of Rooms in the said Prison, the Marshal has permitted many to lay in die Chapel and other improper Places; and that at this Time many are obliged to lay in the Tap Room, on the Stair-cases and Benches, by which Means they contract Disorders which often prove fatal, not only to themselves but the Prisoners in general. — That there are no separate Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners who are side, nor any Place for the Confinement of those who are riotous, nor any strong Hold for Prisoners who are committed for Capital Offences. — That the Walls of the said Prison are so very insufficient, both with respect to Height and Thickness, that Prisoners frequently escape over and through the fame; and so thin are they in some Places, that Prisoners have been known to break through in less than Half an Hour.

William Robiufin, Efauire, Secretary to the Board of Works, being examined, said, That the Walls of the present Gaol are too thin and low; — that the Rooms are too small, and so much out of Repair that the Floors of some of them are already fallen in; — that they are oonftrufted in a very inconvenient Manner, the Chimneys being so placed as not to leave proper Spaces for the Beds; — that the Area between one Part of the old Building and the other is only Thirty Feet wide; — that the present Gaol cannot Hand many Years, being built of bad Materials, and by reason of its low Situation is extremely damp, and incapable of being drained: And he produced to your Committee, a Plan of a Building which he said would be proper for the Purpose of a Gaol; as also an Estimate of the Expence, both which are annexed to the Report, N° 1 and 2; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Estimate of an additional Building, containing 70 Rooms for Prisoners, and 2 Rooms for the Sick, according to the Plan, and build a Lodge and Office £. at the Entrance of the Prison - - 5,206

A new Fence Wall round the Prison, making use of the old Bricks that are fit for the Purpose - - - 1,956

To convert the present Kitchen (being much too small for that Purpose) into a Place for the Custody of Persons committed for Capital Offences ----- 55

To convert a Room intended for the Lodge on the common Side into a Kitchen, and strengthen the Walls to D* - - - 90 -

VW34.

To raise the Roof of the State House, and

make Four additional Rooms there - - 220

7»527

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Counte/s Wear; and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Sheriff, Grand Jury of the County of Devon, and other Gentlemen, Trustees of the Turnpike Roads adjacent to the City of Exeter; and also, the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render " more effectual. Two Acts for amending several Roads " leading from the City of Exeter, and for repairing " and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; " and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and " making the Avenues leading tire re to more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River " Exe, at or near Count efs Wear, in the County of Devon"

and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; which were presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Titnber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and " Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and " for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and " Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and Hornbeam.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry (he Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Ministers and Congregations, of Dissenters from the Church of England, residing in and near Liverpool: And also,

A Petition of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, the Minister and People of the Congregation Meeting at Bolton, in the County Palatine of: And

also,

A Petition of the Minister and People dissenting from the Church of England, residing at Exeter: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant Dissenting Minister and Congregation meeting at Durjley, in the County of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant Minister and Congregation meeting at Wottonmderedge, in the County of Gloucester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for an Alteration to be made in Subscription to the Articles of the Church of England j which, if 3 L passed

Exeter

Rofkdi.

Timber

Tree*,

See.

Protestant

Difienten,

Liverpool.

Ditto:

Bolton.

Ditto:

Exeter.

Ditto:

Dudley.

Ditto:

Wotton-

underedge.

222

2$° Martii. 1773.

paflecl into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, will undermine the Establishment of Religion in this Kingdom under the Act of Toleration: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Newcastle, Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, &c- to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Roads, ^ft, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from under Line to Haffop, and from Middlehills to the clesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said First-mentioned Road at Co-bridge to Burslem, and to the Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Ro^ds adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Tow<y Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom (Carmarthen) the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Bridge. Clergy, and Land Owners, of the County of Carmarthen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Lloyd, Esquire, being examined, said, that the Bridge over the River Towey near the Town of Llandovery, is a County Bridge; that the said Bridge lately fell down, and a new Bridge was built in the Year 1772, upon the Foundation of the old one, which is since likewise fallen down; that the County has been at the Expence of near £. 4,000 in repairing the said Bridge, and endeavouring to confine the River within a certain Channel, but to no Purpose; and he further laid, that a Bridge cannot be securely built upon the old Spot.

A Member present confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Towey, near

Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious: And that Mr. Rice, Mr. Griffith Phillip, and the Lord Lijburne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Foreigner* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Parl for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of ShipOwner*, built Ships to Foreigners; without any Amendment: And also.

Turnips, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the 5

stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages,

Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exeter for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, Small Debt*.

‘ within the City and County of the City of Exeter; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kenfingtoo to enable the Vicar of Kensington, in the County of Glebe Land*. Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East Keal for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Indufure. Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwise Eaffer Keal, in the County of coln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rugby for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick j withqpt any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Toyntons, for dividing and inolofing certain Open Common Fields,

Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and IncM*1* Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Toyntons, in the Townships of Toynton All Saints and Toynton Saint Peter’s, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Evmhoipe, for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and &c* Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Ever-, Inclosure. thorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment:

And^also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blanchard* to enable Robert Athorpe Blapchard, Esquire, now called Name. Robert Athorp Athorp, and lijs Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Athorp only, pursuant to the Will of Henry Athorp, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hopwood’* enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, late Edward Gregge, Name.

Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take, and use, the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Protestant Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England;

The Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of a great Number of His Majesty’s Subjects, the Protestant Dissenting Ministers, and like-wile others of His Majesty’s Subjects dissenting from the Church of England, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being tt^de, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pats;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the \ «J-

Tellers for the Noes.j [ *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief of His Majesty’s

Protestant

13 Geo. III. 35° — 26° . 223

Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of England.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, die Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii III*" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and Go-Lynn /V. vernment of the Pilots conducting Ships and Pilots, ttc. Vessels to, and out of, the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port: and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein, was read the Third

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels to, and out of, the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducting Gangs of Lighters, or Barges, to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prefion. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosi-(Rutland(h.) fog, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, lodofare. Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of in

the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Prejion, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Lord Bertie do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitgreave An ingrossed Bill for th# dividing, inclosing, and Indofarr. allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hackonby Lord Browntow Bertie reported from the Committee, lodofare. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,' and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House> and.he read the" Vol. 34.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dingwall, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for jsjevvWm the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present ew n Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Dingwall,

Taynef Dornock, Wick, and Kirkwall, in the Room of the honourable Alexander Mackay, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff*, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Benenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Moor explain and amend the several Laws now in being, lb _ or far as the same relate to the Preservtion of the Moor Hill Game, or Hill Game: And that Mr. Mackworth and Mr,

Aubrey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Sheffield, Order, a Bill for appointing Wardens and Allay Maf- &c. ters, for allaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Allay Office*. Sheffield and Birmingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving Yaxley certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Inclosure' Taxley, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Bromsgrove, the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and _&c-

Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th Year oa

of the Reign of Ring George the First, and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town Qf Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, lo far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Onct read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, for the Gaol, purpose of re-building the Common Goal of the County of Eff'ex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in

Hockwold

(SouthLevel)

Drainage.

Harpham,

&c.

Inlofure.

King’s

Bench

224

26° Martii. 1773-

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, Edward Pratt, Esquire, John Heaton, Esquire, and Thomas Goddard, on Behalf of themselves, and of son and Benjamin Adamson, Esquires, and also on Behalf of the other Owners and Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, situate on the North Side of thl River, called Stoke and Hilgay River, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1771, An Act passed for draining and improving the greater Part of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and that the Petitioners and others have, at a very great Expence, raised Banks on the North Side of the said River, and caused several Drains and other Works to be made, by which Means the Petitioners Lands have been drained, and thereby greatly encreased in Value; and that the Petitioners ob-serve, a Bill is depending, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying South of the said Hilgay and Stoke River; and that the several Works proposed to be done will, if carried into Execution, destruy the Banks before mentioned; and that the Petitioners having, by the Assistance, and under the Faith, of Parliament, drained and improved their said Estates, hope the House will not suffer the present Bill to pass into a Law, without making effectual Provision for the Preservation of the Petitioners Lands, and the Works which have been made for their Protection: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Property; and that the Owners of the Lands now proposed to be drained may not be suffered to carry into Execution any Works that may tend to the Detriment of the Petitioners; and that such further and other Provisions may be made, for the Petitioners Security, as to the House shall appear equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feltwell New Distribi, and the Hard Lands of in Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow, or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Township of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow, or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Township of Hatpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'I*he House was moved, That the Report, which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Re-

port was re-committed, which, upon the 12th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Benjamin Thomas, Marshai of the Mar-flialfea of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, was referred, might be again read.

And the same Ipeing read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble addrds be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions for repairing and enlarging the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, in such Manner, that the same may be rendered safe and convenient for the Prisoners already confined therein, and for the Reception of such Persons as may hereafter be brought, sent, or committed, to the said Prison; and to afiure His Majesty, that the Expence which shall be incurred on this Account shall be made good to His Majesty by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Or- Towey, der, a Bill for building a new Bridge, over the River Towey, near Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen; " *e*

and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pecliell, and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Theobald’*, to enable James Theobald, Esquire, to carry into Execu- &c. tion an Agreement for the Sale of certain Heredita- Estates. merits, situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, Part of his settled Estates, to the Reverend William Reid; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Cartwright^ for nominating a Person, in the room of Thomas Cart- Estate. wright, Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright, Widow, in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, deceased, as they shall think proper, for raising Five thousand Sevep hundred Pounds; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdraw.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Corn. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be again re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to allow the Exportation of Corn to Ireland, when there is a Prohibition of Exportation there.

And

13 Geo. III. 26° — 29

225

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Hopwood’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. f0 enable Edward Gregge Hopzvood, late Edward,

Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take, and use, the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopzvood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hop-wood, deceased, was read the Fil'd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cartwright’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for nominating a Person, in the room of ’Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth

wright, Widow, in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, deceased, as they shall think proper, for railing Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Theobald’s An ingossed, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Theobald, Esquire, to carry into Exe-Efla,e* cution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at White Waltham, in the County of Part of his settled Estates, to the Reverend William Reid; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ufesto which the said settled Estates do now Hand limited, 'was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Gfeaori«nB* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-nes" ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons; to be therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within the Kingdom t>f Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass.

-Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider. further of Ways and Means for raising. the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

LufieC) 2 90 dit Martii;

Anno 130 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1 773.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for amending, and rendering more Bedford effectual, an Act, rriade in the Twenty-ferenth Year Eevel. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the " Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the " Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level,

" Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money, to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the " Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining " and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said " North Level; and for the more effectual draining and " preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crozc/aud," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second Difiricl in the said Act described, was read the

Third Time. ,.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Grea/t Level of the Fens,

" commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to " the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for " enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North " Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money, to discharge the Proportion of the said North " Level, in the Debts of the said Corporation; and " for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be " laid on the said North Level; and for the more ef;

" fectual draining and preserving the said North Level,

" and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of " Crowland," so far as the same relates to the several

Fen Lands lying in the Second Difiri£t in the said Act described.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 9th Birmingham Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Paving.

" laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages " within the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages " there; and for removing and preventing Nuisanees " and Obstructions thereinand for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the 9th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying " open and widening certain Ways and Passages within " the Town of Birmingham, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there;

" and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions thereinand for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3 M An

226 29° MaA. 1773.

Neweajllc An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers

to &c.0P’ an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Ma-

Reads. jesty for repairing and widening the Road from New.

cafileunder Line to Haffop, and from Middlehills to the

Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near and also the

Road branching out of the said First-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burfiem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the county of ; and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto, Was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from under

Line to Haffop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near; and also the Road

branching out of the said First-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burfiem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendtfh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newbold, Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom &c* the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon cf Newbold upon Avon, in the County of

Warwick, and Long L Heath, in the Parish of Nezvboldaforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing shall impower the Commissioners to obstruct the completing the Oxford Canal, or to alter the Bridges thereon.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

J.anchrfter sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Incoure. tQ w]lom the gm for tlividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates within the said Parish and Manor, of the yearly Value of £. 898. 6s. $ who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the fame; and except the Owners of Estates of the yearly Value of £.122. for. who are Abroad; and also except the Owner of an Estate of the yearly Value of £.30, who being lately deceased, it is not known who is intitled thereto; and that the Whole of the Estates of the Proprietors, within the said Parish and Manor, having Right of Common on the said Moors and Commons, is of the yearly Value of

.10,104. 13-f- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and blade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for in-flifting g Penalty on Persons suffering Goats or Sheep to departure on the Inclosures, within a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported frotn the Committee, Skipton, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture, Inclosure* and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and Kildwick, in the Couty of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Three Acres and Ten Perches in the Ings, who is a Lunatic; and also except One Proprietor of Lands, who is assessed to the Land Tax at 15 n 10 who was not in the Country, nor applied to; and that the whole Quantity of Land in the said Ings is 73 Acres, Three Roods, and Three Perches; and the Amount of the Whole of the Land Tax for the said Parish is . 233 per Annum, and upwards); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ' thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Whittoa. Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Inciofiu*.

Whitton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms Bromsgrere and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the °a 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromf-grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 15th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for re pairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and

from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

i3 Geo. III. 29

227

Essex An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Gaol. for Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of

the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tingewick, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com* . *c- mons, Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of n 0 Qre* Tingewick and Radclive cum , in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tinge-wick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. fames Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Sheaiby, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeil |nej^re and Common Fields and Common Pastures of in

the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester, was cortv mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theft Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro-

Srietors of Half a Yard Land, who refused to sign the >ill; and that the Whole of the Land to be inclosed contains 48 Yard Lands and a Half i and that no Perfqrt appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House J and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk* s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Forth A Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in ai>Can!ri<le t^ie Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgozv; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of'Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowjlounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Crowle,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Swine (head. Lord Brozvnlow Bertie presented to the House, ac<-

&c. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inc o ure. peveraj parceis Qf Fen and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Szvinejhead, in the County of Lincoln; and also a certain Plot of Land, called

Marsh, in and near to the said Parish of: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Helpringham Lord Brownlozv Bertie reported from the Committee, Indofnre. tQ wjlom the BJH for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the annual Value of £.6, and of 3 Houses having Right of Common; and that the whole annual Value of the Property amounts to £.830. 15 j. and the Number of Houses having Right of Common is 73; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 34.

An, ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gifburne, to impowerthe Wardens, Preceptor, or Master, of the *c\ Scholars and poor People of the Alms-house or Hospital of Jesus in Gifburne, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage, and divers Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Alms-house, or Hospital, unto Charles Turner, of leatham, in the said County, Esquire, and his Heirs; and to enable the said Wardens, Preceptor, or Master, of the Scholars and poor People of the Alms-house or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry Hewgill, of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage, or Tenement, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of , in the

North Riding of the said County of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them and their Successors, for the Use, Benefit, and Advancement, of the said Charity, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley,

Colonel Saint Leger, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Turner’s for effecting an Exchange of Lands between Qharles Exchange of Turner, Esquire, and the Master, Fellows, and Scho- Lands, lars, of Trinity College, in Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Colonel Saint Leger, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £arj of for veiling certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in Maccles-the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Wilts, Part of the *KW s settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, ates> to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Robert Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- LongmarRon mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Inclosure. Lands, within the Parish of Longmarfton, in the County of Glovcefier, was read a Second Time. ’

i^-

a 28 29° Martti.

Resolved, Thlt the Bill be committed to Mr.

Southwell, Sir William Bagot, face.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bethnal Mr. Maclcworth reported from the Committee, to f whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of or ° e‘ Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of

sex, to pay Debts already contrafted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the Poor of the said Parish, and for their further Relief, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

St. Mary-le- Mr. Maclcworth reported from the Committee, to Bone whom the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names Paying. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, " Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating " Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint " Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned," was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Jones being examined, said. That the Commissioners had made a very considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act; but find it defective, and other Powers necessary: Then,

An Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch of the said Parish, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Nightly Watch is under the Direction of the Vestry-men of the said Parish, which is found inconvenient'; that if the Nightly Watch were placed under the Management of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the 10th Year, with sufficient Powers, it would be of more public Utility, as the Commissioners meet regularly once a Week. — That the Water Companies ruin the Pavement, by neglecting to relay it properly, and making Use of Dirt and Dull instead of Gravel, and also omitting to relay many of the Stones they take up; and the Witness further added, That Duftmen, who do rtot contract with the Parish, take away the Dull from the real Scavenger, whereby the Price of cleansing the said Parish is enhanced; and that further Provisions and Regulations are necessary to complete the good Purposes of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made. One in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleans-. . ing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in

the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And that Mr. and

Lord Robert Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. 1773.

A Bill for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose Cox’* of his Museum, commonly called Cox's by Mureun*-

Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colonel Barrereported from the Committee, to whom . Little

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Stukelry and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, ‘ncoure* and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Little Stuke/ey, in the county of ,

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 116 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 28 Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Land to be inclosed contains 1,075 Acres; and that no Person'appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill);and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Culgaithe and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township Inclosure. of Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Robin/on, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Ma- Navy jesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December Estimate. 1772, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Rills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Spflion. of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 10th Day of October 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.'Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Geo. III. 29°

Mr. Gooptr also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, relblve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

King'* Bench The Lord Hittchingbrook reported to the House, That FiiCon. their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions for repairing and enlarging the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench, in such Manner, that the same may be rendered safe and convenient for the Prisoners already confined therein, and for the Reception of such Persons as may hereafter be brought, sent, or committed, to the said Prison; and to afiure His Majesty, that the Expence which shall be incurred on this Account shall be made good to His Majesty by this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Worcester An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Foley’s to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Exchange of Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange an ‘ of certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the same County, belonging to ’Thomas , Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward, Mr. Gray, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Wefuninster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales, and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, " Concerning the Laws to be used in Wales," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Three Weeks, the Twenty-second Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.A Petition of Meredith Price, Esquire, Clerk of the Assizes, and Clerk of the Crown, of and in the Oxford H* Circuit, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, since the passing of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward the Sixth, the Judges of Assize have granted the Office of Clerk of Assize; and that the Petitioner purchased the said Office for a very considerable Sum of Money; and that the said Office is a Freehold Office, and the Petitioner is assefted to the Land Tax in respect thereof at upwards of £. 44 a Year, when the Land Tax is at 4*. in the Pound; and that the Petitioner’s indilpcnfable Expence of travelling the Two Circuits, and otherwise in executing his said Office, amounts to upwards of f. 250 a Year; and that the Counties of Hereford and Salop (Part of the Ox-k -ford Circuit) are the next English Counties to North and South Wales, where all Causes and Issues arising in Vol. 34.

Wales: Frivulou* buits.

Ditto: -Meredith

Wales, and commenced in, and transmitted for Trial from, the several Courts of Westminster Hall, have constantly, for Time immemorial, been tried by English juries, before the English Judges of Assize; and that Circumstance principally has occasioned the Business of the Oxford Circuit to equal that of the other Circuits, and was the Petitioner’s principal Motive for laying out so considerable a Part of his Fortune in the Purchase of his said Office; and that the Petitioner observes, from the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits, in His Majesty’s Courts at in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales, and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law, without providing a Compensation to him, his said Freehold will be thereby much injured: And therefore praying such Redress in the Premises, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, to consider of a proper Method for providing for the Maintenance of Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols, and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gray accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing Clergymen to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And Mr. Gray moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing Clergymen to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas and Mr. Ongley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Aflley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure, commonly called The North River, by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

3 N Ordered,

Clergymen.

Public

Highway*.

Bure

Navigation.

230 29* — 3 o ^.1773.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Glass The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Manufactonrs. wh0]e House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within thp Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peregrine Cufi took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peregrine Cufi reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martifp 30° di Mart it;

Anno 13® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Montgomery H E House proceeded to take into Consideration &c. JL the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, Roads, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of

Merioneth, and Salop; for continuing the Term of so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as relates to the Repair of the Roads between the Tenth Mile Stone from the We/Jk , in Shrewsbury, and the Towns of Pool and and for repairing several other Roads therein men- fioned.

And the said Amendment wa^s read j and is as followeth; viz.

Press 21. L. 28. Leave out from " thereto" to " And" in Press 22. Line 15.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration, upon this Day Three Months.

Ditto. The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 27th Day of May 1767, of the Proceedings of the House, in Relation to the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Air%might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House vvas moved. That the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act 3

of the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening certain Roads in the Counties of gomery, Merioneth, and Salop, and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the ill Day of February last; and also the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of the same Month, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of,

Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. , Mr.

Skipwith, and Mr. Hill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Newbold, and Common Fields of Nezvbold upon Avon, in the *c-County of Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Inclosure* Parish of Newbold aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cartwright’* for nominating a Person, in the room of Thomas - Estates. wright, Esqui.c, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright, Widow, in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, deceased, as they shall think proper, for raising Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skipwith, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to jneet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain King’sDefph, Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Delph, and *c. Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Drainage. Grounds, in a certain Place, called adjoining

thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Stanch ground, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Ludlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Hackooby Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, lnelofure. in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lofd Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the.Lords, intituled, An Act Gregge’* to enable Edward Gregge Hopwood, late Edward Name.

Esquire,

i^-

Earl of Shaftesbury’j

Estates.

Hardingfton,

See.

Roads.

Exeter,

Sec.

Roads.

Gl*6

ItamMftcnts.

13 Geo. III. 30° Martii.231

Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be therein Persons therein described, to retain, take, and use> the named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for Surnamfe of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manu-of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, factories, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and

deceased, was read a Secondlime. for the more effectually supporting and conducting the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Har- fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, herd Harbord, Mr. Lowndes, &<*: And they are to calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass, was corn-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had Speaker’s Chamber. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Mr. Bond reported from the Committee, to whom Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then late of Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, deceased, during a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-the Minorities of his Children; and for establishing and tion severally put thereupon, were, with several carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, as Guardian House.

of Anthony Ashley, now Earl of Shaftesbury, her Infant Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respecting certain ingossed.

Messuages and Tenements, situate in the Parish of

Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bread, was committed, That the Committee had examined Reading of the Bill for better regulating the Assize the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be and Making of Bread, be now read, true; and that the.Parties concerned had given their And the said Order being read accordingly

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- The said Bill was read a Second Time.

mittee; and that the Committe had directed him to RThat the Bill be committed, report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. of the whole House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That Mr. Bond do carry the Bill to the House upon the said Bill.

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

to the fame, without any Amendment. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Leeds:

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Mr. Speaker, whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenock the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious. Harbours. His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widen- the Harbours of the Tow* of; for supplying

ing the Road from the Way Foft, in the Parish of the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and Hardingston, in the County of Northampton, to Old for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets,

Stratford, in the said County, was committed. That and other Public Places, within the said Town; without the Committee had examined the Allegations of the any Amendment: And also.

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Abe/’d;en Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several for deepening, cleansing, and making more commo- Harbour* Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him dious, the Harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Tiers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour; Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the without any Amendment: And also.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Maugan a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question for making and continuing a Navigable Cut, or Canal, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the from Forth, through the several Parishes of

House. Maugan, Saint Columb Major, Little Colon, and Saint

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be Columb Minor, to Lower Saint Columb Forth, in the ingossed. County of Cornwall; without any Amendent: And

also.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wilton Reading of the Bill for more effectually amending fe- for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, Indofare. veral Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for and Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Wilton, in the Parish of Ellerburn, in the North Riding Avenues leading thereto rtiore commodious; and for of the County of York; without any Amendment: And building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near also*

Countess Wear; and for amending several other Roads The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thorpe therein mentioned, be now read. for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Inclosure.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Fields, Meadows, Failures, Furze, and Waste Grounds,

A Motion was made, and' the Quel tion being put, in the Parish of Thorpe on the in the County of That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

Day Six Months; The "Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ?eIV1^l>y

It passed in the Negative. for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Inc 0

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.' Ings, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George within the Manors or Manor and Township of Hemingby,

Tonge, Mr. Buller, &c.: And they are to meet this in the County of without any Amendment:

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s And also.

Chamber. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Witton,

for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, jnc*^re Mr. Peregrine Cust, according to Order, reported within the Township of Witton le W?ar and North Bed-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom burnt, within the Chapelry of Witton le Wear, in the Vol. 34. Maty*

2 3 2 3°° M . 1773*

Manor of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine ham: without any Amendment: And also,

Hertford- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act bridg.'hill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of Ro^ds the Tenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of his 01 3‘ late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertford bridge hill to the Town of Basing~ Joke, and also the Road4 from Hertfordbridgehill aforesaid, to the Town of O in the County of Southampton , without any Amendment: And also,

Kington, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Road*, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of , in the County of

Hereford, through the Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardijley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish o t Eardifey, to Turnpike Gate in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

Nnfford, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common nc o ure. p|c|c]s> Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Places within the Parish of and

Chapelry of Birlingham, in the county of ;

Without any Amendment: And also,

Sambourn, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste nclo are. £an(^ within the Manor of Sambourn, in the Parish of Goughton, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

Henley’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rilatcs. felling the settled Estates of Henry Cornish Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Wootton and Maiden

Nezvton, in the County of Dorset; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses'as the said settled Estates now Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Smith's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, "An Act for Eilatcs. veiling the Moiety of the Manor of and the

Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, in Chefilford, otherwise and other Places in the County of Suffolk, compiized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smith and Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bishop, Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled ' to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Two hundred Forty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the / Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1772, of the Fund-established for paying Annuities, in relpccl of Five Millions borrowed, by virtue of an Act made in the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the-Opinion of this Committee>

r

That the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by Virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money,

" by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year 1772," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ’Thames,

from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls repoled in them.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, Redltoney near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for Remaking proper Avenues and Roads to and from the Brl<Jge" same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-zvell, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Wrotham, of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Royal &c.

Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in R°*ds. the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray, in the said County, and from the said Royal Oak, to the Town of Mqidstone, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. L. 36. After " for" to insert " any Materials for amending any Highway, or for"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Theobald’* to enable James Theobald, Esquire, to carry into Execu- Estates" tion an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments^ situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, Part of his settled Estates, to the Reverend William Reid; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now (land limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , fit art. Lord Howe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Bedford mittee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving Level, &c. certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Draioage-Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Feltzv Nezv District, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall, in He/gay, and Helgay, in the Countie? of Norfolk and Suffolk, is committed.

13 Geo. IIL 30° — 3

East India Mr. Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Se-ComrnTcteeof crecy> appointed to enquire into the State of the Secrecy. India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) acquainted the House, that the Committee had made a further Progressin the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table) to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said " Report, with the Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Origi-. nal.

The other Order of the Day being read;

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Affairis. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of tilt East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii 310 Mar tit'.

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

CoRomHoute rjpHE House 'being informed, that Mr.

ccount?. layne (from the Commissioners of the Customs in

Scotland)attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Scotland, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, for Ten Years past, from 5th of January 1763 to 5th of January 1773; distinguishing each Year; And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cheese exported from Scotland to any Country, not being Part of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, from the ift Day of January 1760 to the ift Day of January 1773; being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Countries to which, and the Ports from whence, the same has been exported: And also.

An Account of the Foreign Linen imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1769 to the iothof October 1772; being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two First of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Vol. 34.

i° Martii. 233

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Henty'e Act for felling the settled Estates of Henry Cornish

Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, W and Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset; and for laying out the Money to arile thereby in the Purchase of other.Lands and Hereditaments,' to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Stanton mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common- Harcourt able Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Har- nconrc* court, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel llarcourt, Sir John ’Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and extending the Na- ®ur« yigation of the River Bure, commonly called The North Nav,£*tion« River, by and from Coltishall to Aylfham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure, commonly called The North River, by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Durham,. to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers &c*

of Two Acts, of the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years *oad,‘

of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Williams presented to the House, according to Montgomery, Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms &c-and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 3 ift Year of his Road,‘ late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was feceived and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’s for veiling the Moiety of the Manor of and ^ater"

the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, in Chefilford, otherwise Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smith and Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bishop, Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, wa? read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 O fit

34 $1° Martii. A. 1773.

Kmfare, sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. wh°m the Bill for dividing, inclosing and allotting a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of ,was

commuted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 70; One of whom could not be met with, another was incapable to sign by Illness, and Three others, who said they would not sign the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed - amounts to £. 1,342; and that no Person appeared be-

fore the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and fevexal Closes and Lands, in Thorp deville aforesaid. Part of the Estate of Richard of Weston, in the County of Northampton, Esquire;

and for the setting out, assigning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Game. Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game within that Part of Great Britain called England:"

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for building a new Bridge over the River Llandovery, Towey, near Llandovery, in the county of ,

and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and Bnd8e> commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rice,

Mr. Myddleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shealby, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Common Fields and Common Pastures of Sheafby,

in the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of , was

tend the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common fields and Common Pastures of Sheafby, in the Pari fli of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tmro, A Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Road*. Powers) of Two Acts, of the 27th and 29th Years of 0* King George the Second, for amending and altering

several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro; and also for amending and widening the Road from the lower Part of Coinage Hall Street, to a Place called The Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thence to Mopas, and from the Turnpike Road at Short Lane's End to the great Road leading from Perron Alms House to The Four Burrows, in the county of ; and for building a Bridge over the River at The Steppings aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bof-cawen. Sir John Molesworth&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Thorpe An ingrossed Bill to impower the Reverend Ptolemy MG?ebele Hunfrey, Clerk, and the Reverend John Jcpkcott, Clerk,

Exchange. anc* CatharinaDorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes, in Thorpe Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and l'everal Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of Weston, in the County of Esquire; and for the setting out, assigning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorpe Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposesf therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Reverend Ptolemy Humfrey, Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcott, Clerk, and Cqtharina Dorothea his Wife, to exchange Messuage and certair Closes, in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of.

Lord George Cavendish reported frotn the Committee, Eari of

to whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable Sack- sluT^n^L ville Earl of Thanet to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, lp from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton , in the County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool in a Close called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the ‘ Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdler* for «he Yeas.{}££%*.

Teltofor.he NoesjMr-7^. } 7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered,

i 3 Geo. lit; 3l4

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Three Weeks, the 27th Day of next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Public A Bill, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Highway*. Qf Parliament, the Statutes now in being; for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom;

and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ,'

Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Gordon’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Divorce. to diff0ive the Marriage of John Gordon, Esquire with John Norris Fisher, his now Wife: and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Hudson’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Estates. for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John ,late of

Befingby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dock Ordered, That the Petition of the Artificers and La* Yard* bourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for jaifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy i° d;

Anno 13® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Lanchester A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land,

within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchefer, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Public Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Highways, the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

Vol. 34.

it — i° Aprilis. 235

of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according st. Mary- to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more le-Bone effectual Two Acts, made, One in the Eighth, and the raving, &c. other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, clearifing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the county of ; and for

other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Clarke presented to the House, according to Hognafton, 1 Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- . mons, or Pastures, called Hognafon Wynn, and Hog- ncoure’ nafion Old Field, within the Liberty of Hognafon, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Skipton, Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture, &c-and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of and J"dofure.

Kildwick, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:-And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and Kildwick, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, witham to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting h*"""’* Fei» in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Second Draina8e> Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Low " Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the " River Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln; and for " restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said " River, from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln,

" through the Borough of Boson, to the Sea," as relates to the Second District in the said Act mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, One of the Second, and the other of the Tenth,

Year of His present Majesty, the First for draining certain Lands on both Sides of the River Witham, and the other for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for dividing Holland Fen, and other Places adjoining thereto, were read.

By the last-mentioned Act it is enacted, That the Surplus of the Money, arising by the said Acts of the 7th and 10th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, which should remain in the Hands of the Commissioners for

executing

flaftard

Children*

Game.

236

i° Aprilis. 1773.

executing the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after discharging all the Expences directed to be paid thereout, by either of the said Acts of the Seventh and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, should be paid by the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any Three or more of fbem, into the Hands of the Commissioners of the Second District, to be by them applied to the Purposes of the said Second District: And

Mr. Edward Draper, being examined, said. That the said Commissioners for dividing Holland , have accordingly paid the Sum of 2,550. 19 to the Commissioners of the said Second District: And he produced to your Committee, a Receipt from the Commissioners of the said Second District, for the said Sum; which Money, he laid, arose from the Sale of Lands, directed to be sold for paying the Expences of dividing Holland Fen, and has been paid to the Commissioners for the Second District; and the Owners of Lands in the said Second District receive the Benefit x>f that Sum without contributing thereto by any Rate or Assessment upon their Lands.

And he further informed your Committee, That great Sums of Money have been expended in carrying on Prosecutions against riotous and ill-disposed Persons, in Defence of the Execution of the said Acts of the 7th and 10th Years of His present Majesty; and he produced an Account of the Expences attending such Prosecutions amounting tOjf. 1,042.

He also informed your Committee, That these Prosecutions were absolutely necessary for protesting the Fences made to the inclosures of several Fens, belonging to particular Parishes, within the said Second District; and that the said Fens, when indofed, pay One Shilling per Acre to the Drainage Tax; but only Four Pence ' per Acre while uninclosed; but that Doubts have arisen, whether the Commissioners for the said District are impowered, by the said Acts, to repay the Money expended in such Prosecutions.

Being further examined, he said, That the Commissioners for the said District have no Allowance for. their Trouble and Attendances, though most Commissioners have; and that the said Commissioners complain of this; and he apprehends will not be induced to give proper Attendance for carrying the said Act into Execution, so far as relates to the said Second District, unless some reasonable Allowance be made for their Trouble and Expences.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Commissioners of the Second District, acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called " 'The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River,

" in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge, " in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of " Boston, to the Seato apply Part of the Money

paid into their Hands by the Commissioners for dividing the Haute Huntre, Eight , or,

to certain Purposes of the said Second District: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Brownlow Cujl, and Mr. Francis Cufl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Odered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Settlement, and providing for the Maintenance, of Baltard Children: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Hanmerdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, by limiting the Time for killing and destroying of Hares: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Hanmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are there- Turnpike unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Three 0dUi* Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Eighth Year of the Reigrt of his Majesty King George the First, One other passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and One other passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for:'repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in ,the County of Middlesex, to Shenfidd, in the County of Essex, and the Bind of the Parish of Woodford leading to Epping, and through the Parishes of and Lam-

bourn, in the same County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a discretionary Power is lodged in the Trustees of all Turnpike Roads, to erect any Engine for weighing of Carriages for the conveying of Goods, or Merchandize, and to take an Extra Toll of 20 s.for every Hundred Weight, which such Carriages shall, together with the Loading thereof, weigh over and above the Weights therein-mentioned; and that, although the Tolls for such Carriages, passing on the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, are very moderate, yet they have made Use of the said Power with great Caution, and never directed any but Carriages with Four Wheels of Ids Breadth than Nine Inches so be weighed, being at first of Opinion, and now convinced from Observation, of the then continued, and still good State, of the said Roads; that the Number of Horses limited, by the said Act, to such Carnages, according to the Breadth of the Tire of their Wheels, cannot draw any Weight hurtful to the said Roads; and that the Petitioners are informed, it is proposed, by a Bill now depending, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes; to take away the said discretionary Power, and to compel Trustees of Turnpike Roads, at all Gates, which shall have produced in the last Year the clear Income of £. 100, over and above the Collectors Salary and Wages, to cause to be erected and built such Engines, and to weigh the several Carriages therein mentioned, together with the Loading thereof, and to take the said Extra Toll for all that shall weigh more than certain Weights therein specified, but in most Cafes less than the Weights now allowed by Law; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, from Observation and Experience, that such Engines, although the erecting, maintaining, and uling, them, is very expen-five, do not answer the good Intentions of the Legifla-ture, can have, if on any, an Effect on but a very small Part of the Turnpike ltoad; are the Cause of private Rbads being much worn, by Carriages turning out of the Turnpike Road to avoid the fame; are a great and unnecessary Check on Trade, whilst the present Regulations as to Horses and Wheels subsist; tend to make Merchandize and Provisions dearer, by an Increase of the Price of Carriage; and to put many industrious. well-meaning, and innocent Persons, to heavy Penalties, for accidentally and undclignedly carrying au Over-weight of such Goods as vary in their Weights, cannot be weighed, and will not bear the Expence of weighing: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Bill, as relates to the said Compullion and Difference of Weights, may not pals into a Law: and that either the said discretionary Power may remain in all Trustees, as under the present Law, or that an Exception may be inserted in the said Bill, as far as regards the Petitioners, and the Roads under their Care, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. .; >.

An

i3 Geo. IIL

T

Hardingfton, An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and en-&c. larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year Road. Gf His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the in the Parish of -

ingston, in the County of tp Old,

in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, palfed in t,he Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and, widening thp Road from the Way Poflin the Parish of "jiardingston, in the County of North^mpto)to in the said

County.. ... . h i Ordered, That Mr. do carry the tBijl to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.., ';

Kinfare, An ingrossed Bill fordividing, inclosing, aaidallottingi &c- a certain Common, pr Parcel of Waste Land, called Inclosure. jai!.e an(j Q0r)fpf0H Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time- :'r:

RefoJved, That tbp.Bist d° pass: And that the Title; be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a, certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County o

Ordered, Tha.t Sir William Bagot do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Royal Assent A Meftage fron»His Majesty by Molynew,

o Bills. Gentleman Clher of the Black Rod 5 Mr. Speaker, t.

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the Houfr of Peers., Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hpufe, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned ;.

Mr. Speaker- reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bids following; viz.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in tha,t Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-, fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three:

An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, jn His Majesty’s Dominions in America:

An Act to explain Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others, as are settled, or mall settle, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America-, and the other of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as have lerv.ed, or fha.il serve, as Officers, or Soldiers, in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers, in America:

An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom:

An Act for preventing Abuses in the Sale of Shares of British-built Ships to Foreigners:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate v the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderland

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the Healing or de-. stroying of Turnips ;and for the more effectually pre-i venting the Healing or destroyiqg of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Peas, and Carrots:

VOL. 34.

J*. 237

An Act for deepening, cleaning, and making more commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen -, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein; and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into; and going out of, the said Harbour:

An Act for, deepening; cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholeiomo Water; and for, paving, cleansing, lighting; and watching, , the Streets, and other public Places, within the said Town.:

An Act for the rtiore easy and speedy Recovery of Small Dfbts; within the City and County of the City of Exeter:

An fo1- foal^ipg and continuing a Navigable Cut,

or Canal,- from Maugan Pthrough the several

Parrllies of Mangqn\ Saint Colvmb Major, Little and Saint Columb Minor, to Lower Saint,

in the County of Cornwall: .

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, paired in the Third, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secppd, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipflon Poll Gate, at in the Parish of

Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder-winfler and Shipflon upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and alto for repairing the Road leading from the Full Mile Stone Handing; on the said Shipflon Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to aPiace called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said lirft-

mentioned Road:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, pfqq Act, made in the Twejity-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for, repairing and widening the Road, leading from the ell qt the North West End of the Town or Village of Fgrnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River Hill, in the Pari 11) of Sevenoaks, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging 'the Term and Powers of art Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-seventh Yeas of the Reign of his late Majesty. King George the Second, for, repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Phrapflon, to,

in die Coupty of Northampton >and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining the reto:; *; /

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Herffordbridgehill to the Town of

Basingstoke; and all’o the Road from Hertfordbridge-hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by. an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall as far as the same Couaty extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardifley, to Almely, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said County; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eardifley, to Willersley Turnpike Gate in the said Parish:

An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of certain Estates, late of Anthony Earl of deceased,

during the Minorities of his Children; and for establishing and carrying into Execution an Agreement made between. Mary Countess Dowager of Shaftesbury, as Guardian of Anthony Ashtey, now Earl of Shaftesbury, her Infant Son, and the Lord Bishop of Ely, respectine certain Messuages and Tenements, situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex:

3 P An

23*8 'X? jQpiilis. 1773.

An Act for vesting in Earl of , and his

11 fin, in Fee Simple, Certain Lands; Part of his entailed Estate' in the Counties bf Haddington and Fife; and for settling; in lieu thereof, bther Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate:

An Act for vesting the -Manors'-of East and West Stodeley, and certain other HereditahientS, in the County of Devon, Part of- the settled Estate* bf James Bernard,

Esquire, in Trustees, -to be conveyecFtb dale, Esquire, and *’n is’Heirs, pursuant to-an Agreement entered into by him for the Purchase thereof; and for applying the Purehdl'e Moneyrin- Discharge of 4 Mortgage aftefting the said Premises; arid fob other Puripbfes therein mentioned: ..... i

'N'.i Act for'vesting the * settled Estate of the-Reverend Samittl Hemming, Clerk; and Mafia his Wife; ib the County of Stafford; in Trustees, in order that the fame rnay bA'eonveyed to' Gto'i'ge , Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof; and fir ’veiling the Purchase Money in other Lands arid Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses: 1 - ’ -

An Act for exonerating Part of the Real Estate of Thomas Which cot, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln,

from a Debt bf Ten Thousand Pounds, charged thereon, for the Portions of the younger Children of p’ter Whichcole, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, Daughter

of the said Thbmas Whichcot; and for subjecting and

charging other Lands, of greater Value, to5 the Payment thereof:

An Act to enable the Vicai* of Kenjirigton, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage::

" An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons, Heaths,-and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton in Hales, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford:

" An Act for dividing and inclosing several Linds-and G round v in the 'Pkrish of Gifxhill, in the County of Lihcolh: ' ’ ' q

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Operf' and Common Fields, Common 'Meadows,' Commonr Paf-. tures,- Heath, Lot, and Waste Ground, in tire Parish of East Hadden, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, for the better ordering arid regulating the Manricr bf feeding,- using, and enjoying, -several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in in the

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge;' and also for afeeftaihing the Parts or Lots belonging to-each Com-iricjner, in certain Fens therein mentioned; and forim-powering the Commoners to plough and cultivate the said ' Fens for a certain Number' of Years therein limited; and for obliging the Occupiers of Lands, in the Open Fields of Chatteris, to fence the fame:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of East Keal, otherwi in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Rugby, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Lands, and- Grounds, within the Township or Lordship of Everthorpe, in the Parish of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; within the Manor of tons, in the Townships of Toynton1 All Saints and Toy g ton Saint Peter's, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain; Open Common Fields, Ings, -Common Pastures* and other

Commonable Lands, within the Manors or Manor and Tots nship of Hemingby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Mbors, 0 Commons, within the Townships of Wilton le Wear and North Bedburne, within the Chapelry of Witten le Wear,

in the Manor of Wolfingham, ift the County Palatine of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and*Grounds, within the Township- or Lordship of Wiltbhfin the'Parish of Ellerburn, in-t-he Nort h

Riding of the County of York?* -. ..

An Act for dividing and dndolttrg'certain. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures? Furze, and Waste?

Grounds,-in the Parish of Thorpe- tin the Hill, in -the County of Lincoln: -

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Wifte' Land, Within the Manor-bf in the , >*

Parish of CoUgkton; in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclositfg several Open and Common1 Fields, Common Meadow's, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within the Parishrbf and Chapelry of Birlingham, in the! County of tester: - 1;

' An Act to enable Robert Athorpe Blanchard, Esqriire, riOW called- Robert 'Athorpe Athorpe, and his Heirs Male,-to' take and use the Sutname of Athorpe only, pursuAnV to the Will of Henry Athorpe, Esquire, deceased ::

' AriiAft for'naturalizing Joseph

: a - t

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to repair the Turnpike District of Road, leading from The Devizes to Seencf Roads, in the County of Wilts; by virtue bf an Act of Parlia-' -1

ment passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of tli6 Reign of his late Majesty, and by virtue of an Act passed in tire Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging fife Term arid Powers of the said Act, Was presented to-'the House, and read; Setting forth. That tire said District of Road is the high and most frequented'Road from the City of London to'die 'Cities of-' B arid and lies in an inclosed Country, the Soil whereof is of a . deep &laV, and Materials are so scarce,' that' the Petitioners are obliged to fend rriiany Miles for the faime;: and that, after Waggons and Carriages, the Wheels whereof roll a Surface of 16 Inches;'- were by Law- permitted to pass for final! Tolls, arid carry unlimited Weight, most of the Carriages travelling on that- District were, and are now, converted to that ConftfO'ftion, arid carried, and still carry-, such eriormous Loads; that the Petitioners found it-was, as is, impbffible for them-' to pay the Intersect of £.5,550, advanced on Mortgage of the Tolls of the said District, and keep the same in Repair,* without applying to Parliament, to obtain tlfo aforesaid'Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty, for Power to advance the same Tolls; and that the utmost'

(Economy and Frugality has been used, in procuring Materials, and employing Workmen, in repairing the said District of Road; and that, if certain Clauses in a Bill, which they are informed is brought into the House, whereby Carriages, the Wheels whereof roll a Surface of 16 Inches, shall not be liable to be weighed at the Engine, which the Petitioners about Seven Years ago caiifed to be erected on the said District, but that such Carriages shall be at Liberty to carry -unlimited*

Weights, and whereby the Tolls of such Carriages will be greatly reduced, or whereby Carriages drawn with Wheels, the Fellies whereof are of the Breadth of 16'

Inches, shall be permitted to be drawn with any Number of Horses, carrying unlimited’ Weights, and pals Toll-free for Three Yekrs; shall- p§fs into a LEv, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be impossible- lor then! ter pay the Interest of the Money advanced On Mortgage bf -the said Tolls,-and all'o repair the-aforesaid District of Rbad; but the Petitioners apprehend, that the said District of Road will inevhably become impassable for Carriages of any Kind whatsoever: And therefore pray-1

i3 Geo. III. ' & April.239

ing, to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Clauses, respecting the aforesaid District, passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bowerbank’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Divorce, to resolve itself into a Committee of the* whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intitule}. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Featherfioft.Rower-bank, with Ann Jane Bon, his now Wife; and-to ena-

ble him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said / Committee.. > .

Mr. S[)eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteneytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuhied the Chair, )

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Cotnm»ttefc,.That they had heard Counsel, and examined -Wicneffos, for the iaid Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committe to oppose the Bill.j. and that:thf-Corn-tee had directed hi in to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the: Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.: }

Hadson’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EiUte. for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditament^, Part of the Estate of John Hudson, life of in the County of York, Esquire, deceased,'from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement ;:and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses, was read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time..’

! /.

Gordon’j An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intitufed. An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of John Gordon,. Eijquire, with John Norris Fi/ker, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again.; anil for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Fidi Time. . , . \ .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a-Second. Time.

Glass An ingossed Bill to incorporate certain Persons, to be Manafac- therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, tones, for the Purport <-»f establishing One of mote-Glass Manufactories, within the ^Kingdom of and for the more effectually supporting end conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And. that the Title be. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and iheir Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, >vithin the Kingdom of Great Britain-, and for the, more.effectually supporting and; conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the

calling of large Plate Glass....

Ordered, That Mr. Mqckworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Silk Mr-. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to turers whom. the.-Petition of the Manufacturers, and others

employed in the Silk Manufacture, was ,referred,.-That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact Contained in the said. Petition; a State whereof,..together with the Observations of the Committee thereupon, they had directed him to report.to the House; and he read the Report jn his Place; and Afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thq same was ;read* and is as followeth; viz. . ' .

; A State of the Matter of Fast-coot^ned in the said Petition, is as follows: .

An Act, passed. in, the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, waj/ead; by which Vol. 34, . ... .....

it appeared, that the Provisions of the find Act-extend pnly -to the-Prohibition, of the Importation of . foreign Wrought Silks.and Velvets, and to the Sak.fhfireof; but the said Act inflicts no Penalty upon the Wearer: Then,

Mr, Yhomas Phillips was examined, to Ihqw in what Respects tive said Act was ineffectual .; who!.said, That in Confcqu.ence of Rewards having been- repeatedly pffered by the Manufacturers to difoover whtre. Foreign Silks and Velvets wefe fecrptedt.-.some few (Information*

}rad bfcen-given; -bjut that,’when thej Goods Were found* they were declared to have beeq made up. into Wearing Apparel before they were brought into this Kingdom} and - were, therefore deemed not seizable.- — That jio Sfarch ,'.is ever attempted without a jCultom House Officer; and it ha$ frequently happened, that Upon. Application to them* they have refused to, go without being first indemnified by the Manufacturers; for, by the LaW as it npw (lands*; they apprehend (hey are Liable to mi Action for entering the Prernilcs, of any Person. to search for Run Goods, unless upon/uch Search fpme prohibited pood? shall-actually be foupd t.And the Witnesss laid; they had often been threatened with Actions on that Accounjt.-j- aryl added. That they never could get One Information; sufficient ,to luppprt a Prosecution for the Penaltyinflifted by the said Act of Parliament, since the said Rewards have been offered. . , .; IT

Mx.William Heathfield,a Silk Broker; confirmed the

foregoing Evidence; and added, That he has known large Quantities of Silk to be^brought from yvliich Tati been put on Shore ,-thpre by the East India Company’s Ships, by Means of Vessels which meet them in the Channel, and take out the Gqods, and land them at Dunkirk, and afterwards -smuggle them in here j — that he. speaks from what he hath.himself seen, and ob*-served, by the Inhabitants on our Coasts, who are chiefly cloathed with, those Silks j-^-that since the lull Act took place, Part, of the Weaving Manufactory zhath been -removed to many Places distapt. from through

different P^rt.s qfthis Kingdom; but the Stagnatidnrof the Silk. Trade is so universal that the-Merchants who principally import the Thrown Silks-from and

v Brescia, are now losing from id to 15 per Cent, and therefore declare they, will import no more till 'the Times are altered; — that Italian Silks are brought here in therMonths of January, February, and March-, and Upon an Average for the lait Seven Years 3,000 Bales of Raw'and Thrown Silk have /been imported annually Srmn Leghorn axuiNice, and this Year only about 380 Ifoles; — that the.principal Manufacturers in Spitalfields are now overllocked, and cannot get Sale for their Goods,

.yet the Price iff Common Silks is considerably lower . than.it was; — that there is plenty of Raw Silk now in the Market, and it, by a Prohibition of Foreign Wrought ^Sdks, the Demand at Home should increase, the Market would nevertheless be supplied with a sufficient.Quantity of Raw Silk at a moderate Price, for.-he thinks the Trice would not be raised, nor the Quantity Jeflened,

,on Accopnt of such Prohibition taking -place; be-caul'e he believes that the Importation would always be ip Proportion to the Consumption aniLDcmand in this. Country.1 — That the Decline in the Silk Business is. owing chiefly to the great Smuggling Foreign %

Wrought Silks, which hath prevented the Demand lor those made at Home. — "-That the Wit nets, is an Tn-liabltant of the Rarish- of Saint Mat

in the Heart of the Manufacturers in the Silk-Trade;

, and that. the Poor in thu Work house. ^4*e re are ,-en*. created from 150 ;to upwards of 300 within 12 Months lait. part, and 11 vote maintained out of, the’House are cncrcjitbd in.like Proportion, chiefly owing, to tire if want of Employ. . 1

N\x. Francis Bowl and, a Silk Weaver, being 'oxaroiheef, informed your".Committee, -That in the Year/1769, he employed 2.6 Looms, in the Manufacture- of Flowered. Velvets, and -that the lait Year, he1 had only going. — Th*t in the Year 1771, he paid his Gold

- an

240 i°. Aprilis. ji. 1773-

and Silver Spinner £ 74^> and last Year only £. 76 $ which, the Witness laid, was owing to the Quantity of Velvets imported from France, for, that at Court, 2 Years ago, he saw 10 or 12 French to one English that the Price of Velvets hath been always the same from the Manufacturer to the Mercer, and Engliflt Velvets are not now inferior to the French in Quality. — -That the ' Manufacturer of such Velvets now works to a very great Disadvantage, because he can get no considerable Vent for his Goods, and to new set a Loom for the Sale of 3 or Suits brings on such an Expence that the Profit is entirely destroyed, and has checked many Attempts that were making to the Improvement of the Manufactory, both with respect to the Quality of the Goods and the moderating of the Price: — Being asked, Whether the Sale of Velvets had not lessened the Demands for the English Silk Velvets ? he laid. He believed not to any considerable Degree is-yet, the Quantity fold not having been sufficient to operate much to that Effect, neither did they bear any Proportion to: the Demand for the French Velvets.

Mr. Edward Crutchley, another Silk Weaver, confirmed the Evidence of the-lad Witness, with respect to the Decrease -ttf the Velvet Manufactory; and added, That the Decrease of the Silk Manufacture is the fame; arid owing to the same Cause. — That in the Year 1771, he used 8,000 Ounces of Gold and Silver, and last Year only about 400. — That 19 out of 20 of the rich Suits of Cloaths worn here are brought from; — that

in. the Year 1770 he employed 200 Looms, and hath now only about 501 — That there are 120 Looms Handing (till at Canterbury, out of about 300 which were worked there, principally owing (as he thinks) to the Smuggling of French Silks. — That in the Course of the lall: War he employed about 80 Looms at bury-, — that the Manufactory hath gradually decreased since the Year 1770, and though lie hath been 18 or 20 Years in the Trade, yet he never knew it so bad i that the Prices of Silk are not raised, and there are

1,000 or 1,500 Weavers only (exclusive of their Dependants) now out of Employ, in the 2 Parishes of Saint Matthew Bethmll Greeks and Chrifi , in

fields.

Mr. James Auber confirmed the Evidence of the before-mentioned Witnesses, with respect to the Quantity of Wronght Silks and Velvets smuggled from France.

Mr. Thomas Heathfield, being examined, said. That the State of the Manufacturers in this Country is deplorable; Three-fourths of the Throwing Mills are Handing entirely still — and in some Parts of the Country they have not Employ for One-fifth of their Hands. — At Stockport (where there are large Mills which have employed 1,000 Hands) they do not at this Time employ 200; — that there are other smaller Mills at Stockport which have employed about 600 Hands, but Three-fourths of them are Handing still.- — At Macclesfield the Distress is almost as great — they used to employ from 2,500 to 3,000 Hands, but Half of those are now out of Employ. — That within a few Years past, a large Manufactory For Throwing of Silk hath been established at Blockley in Worcestershire, but almost all the Mills are now (landing still j — they used to employ there about 1,500 Hands, and there are not 300 employed at this Time in the whole Place. — At Overton in Hampshire, where another large Manufactory is eroded, they are in the same Situation, and also at Derby, Congleton, and Bruton, and in Somer-

fetshire, and Ludlow in Shropshire. — At Congleton, only One Mill is going out of or 5. — At Bruton and Wells, and at Overton.» they are almost entirely Hopped. —

In some Parts of the Country they have not Employ for One-fifth of their Hands, and even those Mills which are going, are not half worked. — And the Witness produced several Letters from Correspondents in the Country, which confirmed the1 Account above given? viz.

One from Mr. George\ tVardated Bruton, October

19th 1772, wherein' he states. That he had received the Witness’s Favour of the 13th fnstant; in Consequence of which, he had shortened his Hands o at least; but what the poor Creatures would o for Work he knew not, be pitied them with all his Heart, and would willingly work for nothing himself to serve them; but as Matters flood, did not fee any Possibility of doing it. — He hoped he should receive in due Courie the Italian the Witness mentioned, and as soon as the Witness could confidently spare him some long Silk, he should be thankful for it, as much on his People’s Account, as his own.

One other Letter from J. Franklin, Junior, dated Blockley, OQober21st 1771, letting'forth, That it would (hock him to hear the Cries of the poor Creatures, was he to attend the Scale as he did; many Women with 8 or 10 Children come crying and begging for Work ? Provisions and every Thing excessive dear, and not a. Penny to buy them a Morsel of Bread. — As to the Perjhore Hands they mull do without, till such Time as Trade gets a little better; he would not willingly quite drop them if he could help it; hoped some Time or another they will make a little Amends for his Expence and Trouble; he knew he had been at more than £. 100 Loss by them.

One other Letter from the said George Ward, dated Bruton, January 2d 1773, setting forth. That if the Witness could with any tolerable Conveniency fend him some thing by next Waggon, he would do him great Service, as he was much in Want of Work; if not, should be much obliged with an Answer by Return of Pod, when the Witness thought he might expert some from him, as the poor Creatures that did work for him were greatly distressed.

One other-Letter from Mr. J. Franklin, Junior, dated Blockley, January 6th 1773, setting forth. That life was sorry to hear Trade still continue so bad; but as it could not well be worie, he hoped it was then at. the word, and would soon mendThat he would for the present do no more than he could possibly help: — That he had taken none to the Out Towns above 2 Months, and had given none to any but them he thought the bed Hands, and even some of them was out of Work near a Fortnight before he received the last Brutia; and when the Brutia did come, it did not last above 2 Days, for as soon as the People heard Silk was come, they came in such Crouds that he was hardly from the Scale from Morning till Night for 2 Days; he gave moll of the bed Hands some, but as he gave it out in so little Quantities, luppoled he should have it all in again that Week; and he wished the Witness would (end some more Silk the next Saturday, but as the Winders had all got a little in Hand, and Trade so very dull, and the Witness such a large Stock on Hand, desired it might (lay till Saturday Sevennight before he sent it, and that the People mud make what they had serve them; prayed God to fend better Times, or there wa§ no knowing where Things would end.

One other Letter from the said J. , dated

Blockley, January 20th 1773, setting forth. That he was extremely lorry that Trade dill continued so bad; what the poor People would do he knew not, but he still lived in Hope that by the Time he had got that that he had in Hand done, he should find a Turn of Trade.

One other Letter from the said J. , dated

February 13th 1773, letting forth, That he hoped Trade would soon enable him to fend for the Silk he had done, and likewise to fend him some, far the poor Winders had been in great Distress, as be^ had had nothing for them (om? TUne; hard

for

13 Geo. III. i Aprilis-.241

frit them poor Creatures to be without Money, Victuals, or Fire, and many even without a Bed to lay on that severe Weather; and hoped that the Witness would in his next be able to give hint Come Hopes of Revival of Trade, as he was well satisfied, when it in Hie lead mended, the Witness would fend him some more Silk.

And one other Letter from the said George , dated Bruton, February 13th 1773; Setting forth. That he had the Witness^s Favour of the 6th and 1 ith lnstant in due Course; and that Day the Silk advised of came safe to Hand, to the great Joy of many poor Families as well as hirtiself, who in a very ftiort Time should be as distressed as any of them, without Times mended soon, or something unforeseen should happen to him which he had no Reason to expert. — That the Witness’s Favours therefore would be very acceptable whenever it might suit him to fend any Thing, as he had no Silk from any other House. — He would easily believe, that he should do his bed to please him in working the Silks, seeing his Motives were so drong.

The Witness said. That Smuggling was got to such a Pitch, that foreign Goods might now be bought to any Amount, and delivered under Insurance to Gentlemen’s Houses; — being asked, How that could be prevented ? — he said, by laying a Penalty upon the Wearer, unlel’s such Wearer will give up the Vender, which might be done by Information and Summons of the Party before a Justice of the Peace, and the Wearer to be discharged upon discovering the Vender. — But to

{►revent any Insult or Attack upon the Wearer of a upposed foreign Wrought Silk, every Person should be liable to Punishment that presumed to (lop or moled any one upon that Account; — Being asked, Whether, If the Act was amended so as to authorize Cloaths to be seized upon Information in private Houses, it would not remedy the Grievance complained of? — he said. He thought it would be but small Relief, because the Informations would be few in proportion to the Goods smuggled in: — And being asked. If Silks could be sold at the usual Prices which they have been upon an Average for some Years pad, should the Importation of foreign Wrought Silks be effectually dopped ? he said. They might and cheaper, for that the East India Company within these few Years have brought (particularly from Bengal) much larger Quantities of Raw Silk than usual, and they have given Orders to increase the Quantity, which they will be able to do to the Amount of some hundred Bales in a Year; but supposing the Trade to continue in its present State, they will be obliged to dop that Importation for want of Consumption, and they have within this Year or two brought a Quantity of Raw Siik from Gillan in Perfta, by the Way of Bombay; but for want of Consumption the Prices have fell, and they have ordered no more to be brought. — -That there is now in the Warehpufes a larger Quantity of Bengal Raw Silk than has been known for many Years, which though fold and paid for, cannot be taken out. — That 1,000 Bales of Italian Raw Silk were imported lad Year, and this Year not 150 between the Months of November and April, the usual Time of Importation.

Mr. Samuel Lavprance, a Silk Manufacturer, informed your Committee, That he attended the Distribution of the Money given for the Relief of the poor Weavers out of Employ. — That or 5,000 who had no Employ had been relieved, many of which had Wives, and some two Apprentices each; — that there are full 10,000 Persons now unemployed in Spita/fields.

Being asked. If there is no other Business which they might be employed in ? — he said. They were not able to get Employ any where; that he hath been in Trade 20 Years and never knew it so bad. — That the Didress bath been coming on for some Time, owing to the bringing in of foreign Wrought SilksBeing asked,

0 V01.34,

Whether the Trade had been extended in his Time,

— he said. In Weaving of Silk it had to a small Degree, but not more than in proportion to the Consumption; — and that the Consumption in the Kingdom had been more than equal to the Increase of the Manufactory: — That he employed 100 Looms a Year ago, and does not flow employ 50. — That 6 or 7 Years ago; he employed rather more than at present, but not so many as formerly.

Upon the "whole your Committee observe, that frotii the above State of Facts, it appears to your Committee, that the Act passed in the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, prohibiting the Importation of foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, has by no Means answered the Purposes for which it was intended, there being a very considerable Quantity of Silks and Velvets smuggled into this Country contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act. And that, in consequence of such Evasion of the La w the Silk Manufactory of England hath been greatly prejudiced, and is now reduced to a very low and declining State;

— that notwithstanding many Branches of the said Manufactory are carried on in Places didant from,

yet the Decline of Trade is equally felt in those Parts, and the Didress amongd the Workmen for want of Employ is very alarming. — That your Committee having received the Return from the Cudom House, hereunto annexed, setting forth the annual Account, of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into this Country, from the 5th January 1760 to the 5th January 1773, do find, that the Average Amount for the fird 6 Years was about 128,680, and for the lad 7 Years about 131,562; so that, upon the whole, there does not api pear to have been any considerable Extension of the Manufactory from the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk so imported for the Term of 13 Years before-mentioned. — And although your Committee do not apprehend that the Wear of Silks in this Country is by any Means diminished, but on the contrary (from the bed Information they could obtain) it seems to have been much increased of late Years, yet the Demand of Wrought Silk from the Manufacturer hath been lessened within these 2 or 3 Years to a Degree much beyond what has ever been known before, and the* Trade is now upon an universal Decline. — Your Committee do not find that the Prices of Silks and Velvets have of late Years been raised, but have on the contrary funk in Value, and in case the Demand could be increased for British-m3.de Silks and Velvets, some of the Manufacturers informed your Committee, that the Prices might (and probably would) be further lowered; and that, in their Opinion, the most effectual Remedy to increase the Demand would be to enforce the Act before-mentioned, by making the Wearer liable to be called upon, under proper Regulations, to discover the Vender of any foreign Wrought Silk or Velvet, and in case of llefufal, to be subject to a Penalty. — Your Committee beg Leave to observe, that from a comparative View of several Patterns of foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets with those made in this Country, the former could by no Means claim a Preference in Quality, but were less in Price, about One-fourth upon an Average. — This Difference seems to arise partly from the Duties laid upon the raw Materials, partly from the higher Price of Labour in this Country, and partly from the Smallness of the Demand, which makes a very essential Difference in the Profit to the Manufacturer; because the setting a Loom for a small Quantity only of the Produce, incurs a very considerable Loss, and much increases his Expence of Work. — Your Committee upon the whole find, that the present State of the Silk Manufactory in this Kingdom is in great Want of some parliamentary Aflidance; — that the Laws now in being, intended to support and encourage the fame, are very ineffectual; and that, being an Object of great Concern to this Country, it merits theonod serious Attention of the British Legislature.

3 Q APPENDIX.

King’s Lynn Pilots, Sec.

Ross

(Hereford)

Roads.

Stockport Glebe Lands.

342

A. 1773.

APPENDIX.

An ACCOUNT of all RAW and THROWN SILK, imported into England, from 5th Day of January 1760 to the 5th Day of January 1773, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Uii. — — RAW SILK. THROWN SILK.

Quantities. Duties. Quantities. Duties.

Pounds Weight. £. s. d. Pounds Weight. £ ' *

From 5th January 1760 to 5th January 1761 376,240^. 38,603 8 6 302,7321 59,489 6 7

to 5th January 1762 520,638 52,123 17 2 529,6071 105,645 14 2

1763 30 4,739 30,944 17 4 216,835 43,254 — 3

1764 433» *46 43,349 10 9 52I»333 103,995 2 8

*765 408,632 40,641 3 — 4*5,474f 88,862 15 8

1766 49o.77'4 42,951 8 6 355,495* 75,357 *3 9

1767 55°>217 34,388 11 3 415,659 93,306 15 8!

1768 1769 582,039 36,377 8 9 311 »338f 69,889 — i*

567.333 35,458 6 3 ' 380,296! 85,368 12 10

1770 697,528 43,595 IO — 497,170 448,867! 111,604 6 2

1771 536,407 33»525 8 9 100,761 6 11

to 5th Jatfuary 1772 590,648! 36,915 10 7 488,399 109,635 8 —

to 5th January 1773 515,0454 1 32,190 6 8 . 436,233* 97,925 "7 9

Hote, There being Six Ships that arrived last Year from the East Indies, the Cargoes of which not being yet made up, the Inspector General does not ascertain the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk, inserted in this Account in the Year 1772, to be the Total Quantities imported, the whole Quantities not being come to his Knowledge. The Books being kept from the 5th January to 5th January, without any intermediate Dates, this Account could not be made up from the ill March 1760 to the ift March 1773, as required by the Order; but is for Thirteen complete Years, agreeable thereto.

Jtf Tomkyns,

Affifltant Inspector General.

Custom House London, 16th March 1773.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday, the 29th Day of this In-% Rant April.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots, conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen conducing Gangs of Lighters or Barges to and from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, paised in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands in the Township of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, Patron of the Advowson of the said Rectory, and Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town and Territories of Burftwick and Skeckling, in the Parish of

Skeckling cum Burjhvick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the Town of in the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town; for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to un-»-foad and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for tire Ule of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and for laying a Duty «hereon; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Townships, and_ Liberties of Houghton cum IVitton, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture-Grounds, lngs, and Common or Waste Ground, with~ in the Township of East Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment:-And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field,.

and.

Burftwick,

&c.

Inclosure.

Brighthelm-

stone

Paving.

Houghton,

See.

Inclosure.

East

Cottingwith

Inclosure.

Swalcliffe,

&c.

Inclosure,

i3 Geo. III. I® — 2° Aprilis. 243

and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad othermife

Sibford Gower, and Burd in the Parish of Swalcliffe,

in the County of Oxfordj. without any Amendment: And also,

Falfgrare, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure ^or dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Walfgrave, otherwise Fain the Parish of Scarbo-

rough, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

M'Culloch’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for £state*. impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Bar-holm, in the Stewartry of belonging to

John M'Culloch, now of Barholm, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Greene’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Miller’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the ljle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Greene’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, to diflfolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again} and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And* then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2°

Anno 13® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Durham, A N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and &c. Powers of Two Acts of the Twentieth and

Roads. Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownl Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said North Level: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Red,

" in the Parish of Shelf ord, in the County of ,"

was committed.

Sir John Hynde Cotton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, and also ,a certain Plot of Land, called in and near

to the said Parish of Swinefbead, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Sir Brownlow Cujl, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at* Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, " within that Part of Great Britain called England," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Yonge, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John FeatherJlont Bower bank, with Ann Jane Bonnett, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Captain Johnstone do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed so the fame, without any Amendment.

Helpringham

Indoiare.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fed, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Vol. 34-

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near 5 Skipton

Bedford Level, &c. Drainage.

Haverhill,

See.

Roads.

Swineshead,

See.

Inclosure.

Game.

Bowerbtnk’a

Divorce.

Earl of Thanet’s Skiptot Canab

a44 2° Aprilis. A. 1773.

Skipton Castle, In the County of York, to join to* and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Close called End , in the

Township of Skipton, in the said County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 5 And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton , in the County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Close called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kaland Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Leeds to Order, a Bill fc r enlarging the Term and Powers of Road. Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Ealand, to the Town of , in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beckford, Mr. Joseph Martin reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the fev^ralViiiagesor Town-- ships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and Bengrcve, in the Parish of Beckford, and County of was

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whose Property in the said Fields is rated to the Land Tax at £. 4. 9 s. 4 d. per Annum, or thereabouts, and who could not be met wito; and that the whole Property of Persons having Right of -Common in the Lands intended to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at £. 1,646, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Miller’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bethnal An ingrossed Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Green Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Workhouse, Middlesex, to pay Debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass^ And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of to pay Debts already contrafted in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief.

Ordered, That Mr. MdckzOorth do cahy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Harrison, Of Red Lion Square, Harrison* London, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Time-Piece ting forth, That, in the Year 1714, an Act passed, offering a Reward of £.10,000, for the Discovery of any Method of ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, to be paid to the Author of such Discovery, when a Ship should thereby actually fail from Great Britain to the Indies, without losing her Longitude more than Thirty Geographical Miles; and that the Petitioner, confiding in an Authority so sacred, did, in the Year 1726, abandon every other Pursuit, and has now, for near Fifty Years (for the moll Part under the immediate Inspection and Orders of the Board of Longitude) devoted his whole Time to the Accomplishment of the Purpose of the said Act; and that his Son has, in the same Confidence, spent upwards ol Twenty Years in assisting the Petitioner therein; and that in the Year 1764, it was certified by the Commissioners of Longitude, that, by Means of a Watch made by the Petitioner, a Ship had actually failed from Great Britain to the West Indies, without losing'her Longitude more than Ten Geographical Miles, whereby the Petitioner is advised, and apprehends, that his Right to the Reward promised by the said Act became absolute; and that, in the Year 1765, an Act passed, reciting the Success of the Petitioner’s Invention, to the Effect above Hated, and also that this Method of finding the Longitude may be made generally practicable, and of general Utility, if mote Watches of the same Kind can be made; and that a Moiety of the said Reward should be paid to the Petitioner upon disclosing the Principle and Construction of his Watcn, and the Remainder when more such Watches should be made, and tried, to the Satisfaction of the Board of Longitude; and that the Petitioner received the First Moiety of his Reward, and has disclosed the Principles of his Invention in so effectual a Mariner, that another Workman employed by the Board of Longitude, has thereby, without any Communication whatsoever with the Petitioner, made a Copy thereof, which, upon a Trial under the Orders of the Board of Longitude, has been proved to be a correct one j and that the Petitioner has also made another Watch, with some Improvement, which, upon a Trial of Ten Weeks, has never erred quite Miles, instead of 30 allowed by the said Act, of which the Petitioner has laid undoubted Evidence before the Board of Longitude, and is ready to produce the same to the House: And therefore the Petitioner apprehends, that it can be no longer a Matter of Doubt, that more Watches may be made, of the same Kind with that which Hands recognized, by the said Act of the 5th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, to have fulfilled the Terms of the said Act of the 12th of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and to be an effectual Method of accomplishing the Purpose thereof; and that the Petitioner has repeatedly attended the Board of Longitude for his Certificate, as other Watches have now been made and tried, and the Petitioner having done all in his Power to explain his Invention, and give Satisfaction to the Commissioners of Longitude; but, by their ltefufal to grant the Certificate, the Petitioner finds himself not only deprived of the promised Recompence of a long Life spent in the public Service, but also of the Means of establishing such a Plan for the Instruction of Workmen, by the Help of proper Engines to make the different Parts of the Watch, as alone can bring the same into general Ule: And therefore praying the House will take his same into Consideration, and restore to him his legal Right, under the Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, or give him such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion

13 Geo. III. £8 April 444

Leeds, A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hult, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield,

Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Wether by,

Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, TJtirJk, Malton, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Esquire, Rickard Bur-

ton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen, of The Trinity House of Kingston upon Hulli and also, the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of

verpool, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kiitgfion upon; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and iffwich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, redding within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gainfbo in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships, in the said County, are referred, do make a special Report to the House, of the Order made by the said Committee on Wednesday last, " That Mr. Birt do lay before the said Committee " the original Lock Due Books, from the Beginning of the Year 1765, to the present Time," together with the subsequent Proceedings of the said Committee thereupon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y«. {%*"£*"*

Tellers for the Noes, }

So it was resolved *n the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Chairman of the said Committee do report to the House the Proceedings of the said Committee, with respect to admitting Mr. Joseph Atkinson to be examined as a Witness before the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Dock Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Yards, into Consideration the Petition of the Artificers and Labourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 23d Day of this Inllant April.

Mortmain. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to constitute a Public Fund, upon which Donations to

Vol. 34.

Charitable and other good Uses in Mortmain may be invested; and to impower all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Trustees of Charities, to in veil the same; and to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trull for Charitable Uses, if they think fit; and to inveli the Produce in the Purchase of some of the Government Transfer-rable Securities, at Three per Cent per Annum, in order that the same may be annihilated, and, in Lieu thereof; an Annuity out of the said Public Fund may be paid and applied to the same Charitable Uses to which the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are appropriated; and that Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr Frederick Montagu, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third CorB* Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this'

Day Six Months;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 12. After " Certificates," to inlert " under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor, of the Customs, or of any Two " of them, in such Port or Ports where such Corn,

" Grain, or Flour, shall be landed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,

Ordered, That Mr. Pownall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* and ing next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A' Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguifk, and Mr. Leeds t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Timber to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixth Trees,

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An kt*

" Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees,

" and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further " Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, and . Hornbeam; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newcastle — . to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the under Line, Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Haffop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burfiem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford-, and for amending several other Roads 3 R adjoining

Whitgreave,

Sec.

Iadolure.

Roan’s

Charity.

Haverhill,

Sec.

Roads.

ftfckford,

Sect

Indolurc.

..Henley's.

Sflate;

246

2° — 5*

A. 1773.

adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Whitgreave, in the county of ; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Feoffees of Roan's Charity, in Greenwich, to fell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchas- of other Lands, to be conveyed to the likeUfes; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,50 die Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis 1773%.

4

prelei

P R A V E R S.

N ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers __ of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present " Turnpike Road at Haverhill to' Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of ," was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to Enlarge the Term land Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill " to Rid-Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Cambridge.,k

Ordered, That Sir jfol* Hynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Bedford, Grafton, Ashton ,' and

Betigrove, in the Parish of Bedford, and County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Bedford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford, and County of Gloucester. "

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estates of Hairy Cornish Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Woott Fitz-pain, and Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorsetand for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Tozvn/hend, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles, according to Order, reported from the Leeds, Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabi- n tants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon,

Boroughbridge, Wether by, Aldborough, Bedall, *

Northallerton, Thirfit, Malton, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Wefimoreland-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York j and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull -, and also, the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of and

also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull -, and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and Ipswich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk-, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating.

Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of.

Air and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and ieverai other Parishes and Townships, in the said County, are referred; a special Report of the Order made by the said Committee, on Wednesday last, toge- ther with the subsequent Proceedings or the said Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:1 Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

t(Mercurii, 3 T die Martii, !-]^.

Ordered, That Mr. Birt do lay before this Committee, the Original Lock Due Books, from the Be- ginning of the Year 1765 to the present Time.

Jovis, i° die Aprilis, 1773.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Order made Yesterday, That Mr. Birt da lay before this Committee the Original Lock Due Books, from the Beginning of the Year 1765 to the present Time; be discharged;

" It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Books be produced and. read as Evidence.

" Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Chairman do report to the House the Resolution made Yesterday by this Committee, That Mr. Birt do lay before this Committee the Original Lock Due Books, from the Beginning of the Year 1765 to the present Time; and the Motion made this Day for discharging the fame, which passed in the Negative;

" It palfed in the Negative."

Order?,

Hampton to Staines Road.

Turnpike

Road*.

13 Geo. III. 50 Aprish.447

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Rill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Common, to

the" Town of Staines, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Trustees impowered by an Act for repairing the several Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms " and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament " for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord " and The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urchfont, to Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways j and for repairing the Road from the " Top of Red Hone to Stert aforesaid," was pre-» fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, after Waggons and Carriages, the Wheels whereof roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches, were permitted to pass for small Tolls, and carry unlimited Weight, the greatest Part of the Carriages travelling on those Roads have been converted to that Construction, and carry such heavy Loads, that the Petitioners find, by Experience, that to pay the Interest of 4.400 advanced on Mortgage of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and keep the said Roads in Repair, will be impracticable; and that, if certain Clauses in a Bill, which, the Petitioners are informed, is brought into the House, whereby Carriages, whereof the W heels roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches, shall not be liable to be weighed at an Engine, which they lately caused to be erected on the said Road, but that such Carriages shall be permitted to carry unlimited Weights, and whereby Carriages drawn with Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches shall be permitted to be drawn with any Number of Horses, carry unlimited Weights, and pass Toll-free for Three Years, shall pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be impossible for them to pay the Interest of the Money advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, and also to repair the Roads mentioned in the said Act; but apprehend that the said Roads will soon become*ruinous, and impafiable for any Carriages whatsoever, and that there will be no Means afterwards left of repairing the same: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said , Clauses, respecting the said Roads, passing into a. Law.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in thje Eighth Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for com " tinuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the " Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the " Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Mar " jesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and " through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in

" the County of Wilts; and for amending the said Acts, " and reducing them into One Act," was also presented to the House and read Setting forth. That the Petiti-Voi: 34. *

oners have borrowed the Sum of £. 4,000 and upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and expended the same in the Reparation of the said Roads; and the Petitioners observe, that, by a Clause in a Bill depending in the House* to explain* amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes, it is proposed, that Carriages having the Rollers or Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, shall be permitted to pass and be drawn upon any Highway or Turnpike Road, by any Number of Horses, Toll-free, for the Term of Three Years* to be computed from Michaelmas next; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Bill, with the Clause, should pal's into a Law, that they shall not be able to keep the said Roads in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Monies now due on the Credit of the Tolls granted thereon: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause passing into a Law, with respect to the said Road described by the said Act.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Francis Vincent, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, lighting, and watching, the Roads leading from Ham to Richmond, in the County of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ia at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlanging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roadst leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively* was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of many of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads, leading from Blake down Pool, in the Parish of Kiddermittfter, in the County of Worcester, through

the Parishes and Towns of H and to 'The

Cro/s of the Hands near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from a Place upon the said Road, called The Five Ways, neat the Town of Birmingham, to the The Cross of the Hands pear the same Town, upon the Road from Oldbury to Birmingham, and from thence to a Street in the said Town called New Street, and of many of the'principal Inhabitants of the said Town of Birmingham and Neighbourhood thereof; and had examined the Allegation* of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill,

Resolved,

Ham its

Richmond

Roadfc

Stourbridge, See. Road w

2^8

5° j4pr

j. 1773.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-coiiunitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Gifburne Mr. Cholmleyreported from the Committee, to whom

Charity the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estates. imp0Wcr the Wardens, Preceptor, or Master, of the Scholars and poor People of the Almshouse or Hospital of Jesus, in Gijburne, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Meflulge, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Almshouse or Hospital, unto Charles ‘turner of Kirk-leatham, in the said County, Esquire, and his Heirs j and to enable the said Wardens, Preceptor, or Master, of the Scholars and poor People of the Almshouse or Hospital of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry Hewgill, of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage, or Tenement, Lands, and Hereditaments,-in the Parish of Birkby, in the North Riding of the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held ‘by them, and their Successors, for the Use, Benefit, and Advancement, of the said Charity, waS committed, That the Committee had examined the Ailegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Tamer’s Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Estates. 1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between Charles turner, Esquire, and the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College, in Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without arty Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Hockwold Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, to (South Level) whom the Bill for draining and- preserving certain Fen rainage. amj Low Grounds, lying in the South Level,

Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or. Dlftrict- called Feltwell New and the

Hard Lands; of IVtoodhall in and in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was commited, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Sir Simeon Stuatt, Baronet, Edward Pratt, Esquire, John Heaton,

Esquire, and Thomas Goddard, on Behalf of themselves, and -of Shriftopher Adamson, and Benjamin Adamson, Esquires, and also on Behalf of the other Owners and Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, situate on thfc North Side of the River, called Stoke and Hilgay River, in the County of Norfolk; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; -and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 157 Acres, who, be-3

ing applied to, fefufed to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and also except the Proprietors of 295 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands that will be affected by the Bill amounts to 13,521 Acres) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be adfled to the Bill, for Recovery of Taxes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Brozonlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- West

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Willoug^, Open and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath, f * and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Inclosur<‘'

Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Earl of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Macclesfield’*. An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Heredita- Estate*. ments, in the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Part of the settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. *

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ciitheroe the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for New Wriu the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ciitheroe, in the County of

Lancaster, in the room of Nathaniel Lifter, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Eafi Hendred, in the County of Berks.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Doping the Second Day of February last, " That Leave be ^e"s,

" given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers of Drainaftc'

" Two Acts of Parliament, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King 'Charles the Second, and the " Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for effectually " draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, and other Fens mentioned in the said Acts, in

" the County of Lincoln," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the’ laid Order be discharged.

The House was moved, that the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens in- the County of Lincoln, which

was

Hognaflon, Sec. Inclosure.

St. MarV-lf-Bone Paving.

Montgomery

See.

Roads.

Worcester, Dean, &c. of, Estates.

Mortmain.

13 Geo. IIL $ April. 249

was presented to the House upon the 28 th" Day of ] January last; and also the Report, which, upon the Second Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Report be re-confimitted. , Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pastures, called Hogndjion , and Old

Field, within the Liberty of in the County of

Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord FolkJIone, &c.: And they are to meet. . this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made. One in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing. and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Plumptrc, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b.e committed to Mr. Williams, Lord Lisburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dowdefvuell reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Premises in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the same County, belonging to Thomas Foley, Esquire, was committed, That

the- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to constitute a Public Fund, upon which Donations to charitable and other good UTes in Mortmain may be inverted; and to impower all Bodies Politic and Corporate, arid Trustees of Charities, to invert the fame; and to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trust, for charitable Uies, if they think fit; and to invert the Produce in the Purchase of some of tire Government Transferrafcle Securities, at Three per Cent, per Annum, in order that the same may be annihilated, and, in Lieu_ thereof, an Annuity out of the said-Pul*lie Fu^id may AftL.34.

be paid arid applied to the-famJ charitable Uses, to which the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are appropriated: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That dhe Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir George Savilereported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Parture Grounds, within the Township of Preflcn, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,' to the Satisfaction of the Committee '(except the Proprietors of '5! Oxgangs of Land, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 129 C>xgangs) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report'hr his Place"; ants afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed -to -a Committee of the -whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 23d Day of this Inrtant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

Ordered, That -it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said. Billand also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Little Stukeley in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That-the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Colonel Barre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act . to difiolve the Marriage of John Gordon, Esquire, with . John Ncrris Fisher, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, _ was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refoved, That this House will, upon Monday the 26th Day of this Inrtant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee i. That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear 3 S Counsel,

Preston,

(YorksliiK,) lndoAirc.

Greene’s

Divorce.

Little

Stukeley

Inclosure.

Gordon’s

Divorce.

250 5° Ap . 1773.

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against; the said Bill, The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur-if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun- suant to their Address to His Majesty,

(el, or produce Witnesses. An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and Army.

paid by the Right honourable Rickard Rigby, Paymaster Afliy Offices. Ordered, That the Bill for appointing Wardens and General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 25th of Allay Mailers, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns February 1772 and the 8th of March 1773, and not of Sheffield and Birmingham, be read a Second Time upon provided for by Parliament.

Wedtiefday Morning next. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 25th of February 1772 and the 8th of March 1773* and' oiot provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants*

1772. Aug. till.

*773-Feb. 26th.

*772*

Nov. 20th.

1773* Feb.3d.

1772. Nov. 20th.

£773-Feb. 3d.

1772. Nov. 20th.

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut. General Cornwallis, Governor of Gibraltar, for public Services there ---- 1,082 16 10

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by D* for D° Services

- 819

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Sir William Baronet, for public

Services ——

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, for public Services ——

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by William Leybourne Ley bourne, Esquire, for public Services - - - -- -.....4,330 3 9

To a D° drawn by D% for D° Services

2,823 5 "

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Sir William Trelawuv, Baronet, for public Services - -- ---- -- - 676 13 7

To a D° drawn by D% for D8 Services ---- 1,622 14 10

£773-Feb.3d.

1772. April 25th.

June 26th. Aug. 4. Sept. 12. Ob 9. Nov. 16th. Dec. 31st.

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Hector Cramahe, Esquire, For

public Services - - -.....- - - - 5,763 9 1 r

To a D# drawn by D8, for D* Services

5,050----

To the Right honourable Thomas Harleyand Henry Drummond, Esquire, to be by them inverted in purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use

and Services of the Forces in North America - - - 10,000-----

To D° for the Services of the Forces in D* ----- 14,796 9 —

To D° for the Service of the Forces in D° - - - 20,000----

To D* for the Service of the Forces in D° - - - 10,000-----

To D# for the Service of the Forces in D* - - - 16,426 16 if

To D8 for the Service of the Forces in D° - - - 2,000 — —

To D° for the Service of the Forces in D* - - - 17,000-----

March 25. To Arnold Nesbit, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces ot New York, New Jersey, and MaJJ’achuJ'ets Bay, between the 25th of September and the 24th

1771 - -.....---- 1,809 5 3

To D8 for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25th June and the 24th September 1771 " " ' -.....1,193 6 2

1,901 19 —

3>576 l

850-----

7>153 8 9

2,299 8 $

10,813 9 11

90,223 5 1

To

13 Geo. Ill

5* Apr

Dates of Warrants.

1772. May 13 th.

June

26th.

July 8th.

Aug. 26th.

0,7. 9.

Nov. 23d.

Dec. 1 ft. 31st.

Jan. 21ft. Feb. 26th. March 8.

1772. March 25.

April 6th. June 24th. July 24th.

Sept. 30th.

Oil. 9th. Nov. 30th. Dec. 31 ft.

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Ef- .

quires, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25 ORobxr and .24 December 1771 To D® for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort

Kajkajkias, and Caho, in the Illinois Country, between 25th January and 17th August 1771 -

To D" for Provisions deposited in Store at D\ between the 18th August and 20 November 1771 -

To D° for victualling the Forces at New York, New Jersey, MaJJ'achufets Bay, and South Carolina, between 25 December 1771 and 24 March 1772 -

To D# for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25 December 1771 and 23d February 1772 ——

To D° for Provisions delivered at Montreal for the Use of the Forces in the several Posts in the Upper Country, and for Batteau Men employed in the Transportation of Provisions, &c. between 25th September 1771 and 20th

March 1772 - -- --.....-

To D° for victualling the Forces in the Province of

sylvania, between the 25th September and 24th December

1771 - . - ....

To D® for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 24 February and 24 April 1772 -

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 25th

April and 24th June 1772 - -.....-

To D" for vict ualling the Forces in the Province of

vania, between the 25th December 1771 and 24th March

*772. ....

To D° for victualling the Forces at New York, New Jersey, and Massachusets Bay, between the 25th March and 24th

June 1772.....- - -

To D® for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Chartres, Kajkajkias, and Caho, in the Illinois Country, between ift April and 9th June 1772 -

To D® for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between 25 th June and 24th August 1772 - -

To D® for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachusets Bay, between 25th June and 24th September 1772 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between 25th March and 24th June 1772 - -

U347 11 7

2*369 15 2

5*55 7 *

1,547 — 2

1,282 5 8

5,529 11 2

1,377 1 6

i»521 6 3

1,467 19 44.

1,587 16 1

3*325 *4 7

1,028 3 7

2,708 17 7

1,404 13 1

815 *4 3

To D® for victualling the Forces at Quebec znd. Montreal,

between 25 August and 24. October 1772 - - - ----1*217 7 2

To D® for victualling the Forces in the Province of

vania, between 25 June and 24 September 1772 - - - 752 4 4

To D® for Provisions delivered from Montreal for the Use of the Forces at the several Posts in the Upper Country, and for Batteau Men, between 20 March and 10

November 1772 - - -..... 2,396 3 7

To D° for victualling the Forces at New York, New Jersey,

&c. between 25th September and 24th December 1772 - 1,166 2 6

To Robert Jones, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between 18th November and 15th December 1771 ------- 454 18 10

To D' for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between.

16th December 1771, and 12th January 1772 - - - 456 15 6

To D° for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between

13 January and 8 March 1772 - -- _ - 910 41

To D° for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, between 29th December 1771 and 28 June.

1772 - - - - ----- - - - - 1,199 8 3

To D® for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia,

between 9 March and 31st May 1772 - - - 1,026 — 6

To D® for victualling Part of the Forces in JD®, between

ift and 28 1772 - - - - -.....453 13 2

To D® for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between

29 June and 23d August 1772 - - - 994 n 2

To D° for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, between 24th August and 20th September 1772, and for victualling < the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, be--tween 29th June and 28th September 1772 - - - - 80 518 2

V'oL. 34.

To

2 $2 5°

Dates of Warrants.

'7*.

Feb. 26.

1772.

May 13.

June 24th.

Sept. 29. Nov. 16th.

r

1773-

Jan. 23.

Feb. 25.

177*. March 25.

/««<? 4th.

-«£ 25th-

OC?. 14th.

Decem. ift. x6th.

June 4 th.

Nov. 19th. Decern. 31.

To Robert Jones, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Force9 in Nova Scotia, between 21st September and 18 1772 - -------- 189 12 3

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions issued tq the Forces in.D®, between 18 of November 1771 and 12 January 1772 - -- - - -- - 336 12 11

To D° for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between

13th January and 8th March 1772 - 354 ti i\

To D® for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between

9th March and 28 June 1772 ---- - 1,613 2 io.

To D® for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between

29th June and 23d August 1772 - 563 4 3

To D® for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between

24th August and 18 October 1772 - -- -- 344 4 — -

To I)® for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between

19th October and 13th December 1772 - - - 740----

To Witter Cuming and Kendar Mason, Esquires, for victualing the Forces in East Florida, between 23th August and

24th October 1771 - - - - " 540 1 —

To D° for Provisions issued to the Garrison of St.

between 23 October and 24 December 1771; for Provisions damaged and condemned, between 20th January

1770 and 24 December 1771; and for Expences in carrying Provisions to the Out Posts, between 25th April and

24th December 1771 - -- .....1,401 2 7

To D® for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Saint Augustine, between 25 December 1771 and 23

1772 - - - -.....1,000 13 7

To Dj® for victualling the Forces-in -D®, between 24 February ‘

anq 24 April 1772 - - -- - - - - 933 16 3

To for victualling the Forces in D®, between 23th April and 24 Jttne 1772, and for victualling the Out Posts

dependant on the said Garrison, between 23th December

1771 and -24 June 1772, and alter for-Provisions condemned, between 23 December 1771 and ift July

1772 J>324 14 5

To D*J for Provisions required by Ltr Gen. Gage for Six

Mopths, for 500 Men - - - -- - - - - 2,211 18 4

To D* for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Saint Aum/line, and for Provisions issued to the Out Posts dependant on the said Garrison, between 25 June and

24t 1 August 1772 - --.....1,118 S' 1

To Edward Codrington, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the For :es in West Florida , between 23 August and 24th De-

cant er 1771, and for Provisions issued to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between 23th August 1770 and 24th June 177!, and also for condemned Provisions - - - 2,01717 2

To D" for Provisions issued to the Forces in D®, between 25th December 1771 and 24 April 1772, and for Provisions issued to the Civib Branch of Ordnance, between -24 June 1771 and ^5 Marchs772, and also for condemned Provisions - 1,939 2 4

To D"j for victualling the Forces in D®, between 23 April and 124th June 1772, and for Provisions supplied to the Surgfeon of the Hospitals, between 23th February 1770 and ^4th of December 1771 -

Towanjs the Expence of Provisions delivered to Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North Nova Scotia,

foundland, isle, apply the Sum Voted upon Estimate 1772 for tjiat Service ----- 22,303 2 6

Also thte Sum (topped, for Provisions deli-, verea to the said "Battalions between 23

June 1771 and 24 June 1772 - - /- 23,436 3 5

728 17 6

65,304 16 8

47>759 5 n

April 6th. To Johk Durand, Esquire, for Provisions shipped for the Lfc Jot the Forces in the Islands of Dominica and Tobago ——

968 7 11

A. 1773.

17.545 10 9

To

1

13 Gfio. lii.

253

Dates of Warrants.

1772. April 6 th.

May 12 th. June 4th.

10th.

26th.

July 16th. Sept. 11 tli. Nov. 7th. Dec. 28th.

*773 Jan. 26th.

Feb. 16 th.

To John Durand, Esquire, for Freight of Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded Islands for One Year to the ift October

*77» - ", - - - " " - ’ - -

To D® for Provisions Shipped from Grenada for the Use of the Forces in the Wands of Dominica and Saint Vincent To D® for Provisions Shipped from Grenada for the Use of the Forces at Dominica and and for Provisions

condemned in the Wand of Grenada -

To D° for Provisions illtied in the Wand of Grenada, between 30th June and 30th September 1771, and for Provisions condemned in the said island -

To D® for Provisions Shipped fof the Wand of Saint Vincent, and for Provisions iSS’ued to the Troops at Grenada, and also for Provisions condemned -

To D® for Provisions Shipped and iSTued from and in the Wand of Grenada -

To D® for Provisions Shipped, iSTued, condemned, and destroyed by Fire, from and in the Wand of Grenada — To D° for Provisions Shipped, iSTued, and condemned, from and in the Wand of Grenada -

To D® for Provisions Shipped, bought for, and iSTued to, the Troops in the Ceded islands -

To D® for Provisions Shipped from the Wand of Grenada, for the Use of the Forces in the Ceded Wands -

To D® by way of Advance, and upon Account, in Consideration of the Extra Supply of Provisions for the Regiments now Stationed in the Wand of St. Vincent -To D® for Freight of Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded Wands for One Year, to the ift of 0Bober 1772 To D® for Provisions purchased and Shipped for the Forces in the Ceded Wands

1,000 — —

1,166 6 2

1,919 5 8

1,632 6 3

3>242 *4 3

4,io4 10 1

41285 10 8

1,37° *9 8

3,543 1 10

974 *3 8

5,000 — —

i*oooo — —

2,116 5 9

32,324

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments in the Ceded Wands, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1772 for that Service ----- 9,779

t772. May 13th.

July 8th.

Nov. 16 th.

March 23th.

May 13th. June 4th.

10th. July 24th. OB. 16th. Dec. 14th.

*773-

Feb. 1 St.

Vc

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Senegal and Gambia, between zqthAugufl a.nd 31 ^.December 1771 1,903 8 3

To D®for victualling the Forces at D®, between 1 St January

and 30th April 1772 - - -- 2,618 6 8

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 1 ft May and 18th July 1772 - - - - ‘ - 1,601 19 5

6,125 14 4

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Corps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1772 for that Service - - 2,328 2 —

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Bart, for

victualling the Forces at Gibraltar, between 7th of October and 29th December 1771 - ------ - 6,807 1 6{

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 30th December 1771 and 26th January 1772 -»---- 2,280 18 6

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 27th January and 23d February 1772 - - 2,259 19 4

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 24th February and 22d March 1772 - 1.....2,264 9 10

To l3° for victualling the Forces at D®, between 23d March

and 17th May i-yji ----.....4,757 *3 3

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 18th May

and 12th July 1772 4,545 4 I

To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between 13th July

and 6th September 1772 - -- ----- - 4,526 8 8J

To L)" for Insurance of Provisions iSTued at D°, between

9th September 1771 and 6th September 1772 - - - - 445 15 —

To D® foryictualling the Forces at D®, between 7th September

and 4th October 1772 - - - - 2*273 10 — J

3°>i6i 5 3

34' 3T

22,545

3,797 12 4

Towards

«54

5° Aprilis

Dates of Warrants.

1773. ' 30’161 5 3

FW. 1 ft. Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1772 for that Service - - - -.....21,579 10

x772*

Dec. 19th. To Nicholas Linwood, Esquire, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca - - - -.....7,600----

'773-

March 8th. ToD'forProvisionsfentbyhim for the Supply of D° Garrison 1,400 ——

1772-March 25th.

May 13 th. 051. 9th.

*773 Jan. 28th.

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between 29th September and 25th December 1771 ----- - -- -- - 282 4 8

To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in D°, between 26th December 1771 and 7th April 1772 315 6 4

To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D% between 31st AfjrrA and 22d 1772 - - 242 9 5

To D* for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D*, between 23d June and 30th September 1772 — 262 9 2

1772. April 6 th.

June 26th.

July 8th.

051. 16 th.

'773-Jan. 21 ft.

March 6th.

1772. Sept. 30th.

Nov. 6 th.

10th.

'773-Feb. 26 th.

To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esquires, for supplying and Victualling 103 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, and for 71 Negroes in the Wand of Grenada, between 1 ft Otfo&r and 31st 1771 995 17 — -

To D* for supplying and Victualling 95 Negroes in the Wand of Saint foment, from 30th September to 31st December 1771, for 37 Negroes in the Wand of Tobago, from ift October to 31st December 1771, for 71 Negroes in the Wand of Grenada, and for 99 Negroes in the Wand of Dominion, from I ft January to 31st

March 1772, employed in the Public Service - - - 1,723 18 —

To D° for 95 Negroes in the Wand of Saint Vincent, from 31st December 1771 to 31st March 1772, for the Public Service - -- -- - 539 — 2

To D° for 98 Negroes in the Wand of Saint Vincent, between 31st March and 30th June 1772, and for 81 Negroes in Grenada, between ift April and 30th June 1772,

97 Negroes in Dominica, for the same Time, and 37

Negroes in Tobago, itom ift January to 31st March 1772 1,732 4 11

To D° for 90 Negroes in Dominica, between ift July and 30th September 1772, and for 3 Negroes in Grenada, from 12th April 1770 to 16th May 1772, for the Public Service - -- -- - 665 5 —

To D# for 85 Negroes in Grenada, from ift July to ift

October 1772, for the Public Service - -- - 462156

To D" by way of Advance, but upon Account, in Consideration of the Interruption of the regular Conveyance of their Vouchers from the present Troubles at Vincent - -- -- - 3,000’ — —

To James Meyrick, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the in-

creased Price of Bread to the 6th, 17th, 20th, and 23d Regiments of Foot, stationed in the Garrisons of Plymouth and Edinburgh , and in Chatham Barracks - -- 1,052 11 9

To George Forbes, Esquire, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the Balance or an Account of Wheat bought, and Bread supplied, by him, for the Use of the Forces in Garrison at Minorca in, the Year 1767, by Orders from 1 Major General Johnsion, Lieutenant Governor of the*

Garrison - -- - - -- - 1,003 11 3

To James Meyrick, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread to the 6th Regiment of Foot - -- -- --.....223 7 1

To D* for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the D* for the 20th and 23d Regiments of Foot stationed at Plymouth Barracks.....- - - ---- 208 — iof

A. 1773.

8,581 16 5 9,000 — —

1,102 9 7

9.119 — 7

2,487 ro nf To

i3 Geo. III.

5° Apri

*55

Dates of Warrants.

„ )77\

July 29th.

Sept. 5th.

30th. Oil. 30th.

Dec. 30th.

*773

Feb. 19th.

26th.

1772. Mar. 21ft.

27 th.

Oil. 20th. Nov. 23d. May 18th. Nov. xoth.

23d.

30th.

Dec. 18 th.

To William Cowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-Cotn-

mission Officers and Private Men of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowance, from 25th June to 24th December 1771 - -- -- 53 19 —

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D° - -- - 280 19 6 To John Winter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D", and also the Allowance of Bread Money to the 30th Regiment of Foot, from 25 th December 1771 to 24th June

*77*.....* - ’.....164 16 34.

To Messieurs Cox and Drummond, to enable them to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D%from 25th June to 24th December 1771 663 14 — 4 To Messieurs Adair and Bullock, to enable them to reimburse

the D° of the 4th and 25th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1771 to 24 June

1772 - -- - -.....- 110 13 n

To Messieurs Cox and Drummond, to enable them to reimburse the Non-Commission Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments, the Stoppages-made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowance, from 25th December 1771 to 24th June 1772 - -- - 768 3 I

To John Winter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the D" of the 2d and nth Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made from D° from 25th June to 24th December 1772, and also the Allowance of Bread Money to the nth Regiment of Foot, from 26th November to 28th December 1772 - -- - 153 33

To D% to enable him to reimburse the D* of the 30th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for I>, and also for the Allowance of Bread to the said Regiment, from 25th

June to 24th December 177a - -- -- - 179 7 10

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

D# of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D* - -- -1,386 1 €

To the Colonels of several Marching Regiments of Foot for deficient Offreckonings, between 25 December 1769 and 5th July 1770-1,096 10 — -To Thomas Conner, Esquire, Administrator to the late Lieutenant General Stamvix, for D° to the 49th Regiment of

Foot, from 6th July 1763 to 5th July 1 764 - -- - 26 15 9

To Lord Frederick Cavendish for D° of the 34th Regiment

of Foot - -- - - -- 39 5 13 8

To Lieutenant General Strode for D* of the 62d Regiment

of Foot.....- - 216 5 9

To James Meyrick, Esquire, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended

by him in providing divers Camp Necessaries for the Use of the 6th Regiment of Foot ——

To Lieutenant General Elliot for Extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necefiaries for the Non-Commission Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Dragoons, in the Year 1771 To Lord Robert Manners for Grass Money for his Regiment of Dragoon'Guards, in the Summer 1772 - -

To Messieurs Adair and Bullock for D° for the 3d Regiment

of Dragoons in D° Summer ——

To General Cholmondeley for D° for his Regiment of Dragoons in D° Summer ---- ----- - r26

To Lieutenant General Elliot for D° of his Regiment of Dragoons in D° Summer -

To General Mojtyn for D° of his Regiment of Dragoon Guards in D° Summer - -- -188

To Earl WaLlegrave for D° of his Regiment of Dragoon

Guards in D° Summer - -- -----126

To Lieutenant General Howard for D° of his Regiment of Dragoons in D° Summer. -

To Major General Burgbyni for D# of his- Reghnnt of Dragoons in D° Summer ——

Vol. 34.

305 10 —

*65 2 —

i65 6

T26 5 —

*65 2 —

188 *4 6

126 5 —

*73 10 —

£ \n *7 —

2>7«° 18 5

I>735 5 *75 *9 5

To

5° Apri

256

Dates of Warrants.

1772. Dec. 18th.

*773-'Jan. 29th.

Feb. 19th.

1772. March 18th.

Sept. 30th. Nov. 10th.

'in

Feb. 19th.

1772. Feb. 25th.

March 2d.

Jan. 29th.

Feb. 4th.

Decern. 18th. April 15th.

JAy 1 ft*

Dec. 28th.

*773-Jan. 29th.

1772. June 26th.

Feb. 25th. July 29th.

*773* Jan. 29th.

A. 1773.

i.

To the Earl-of Pembroke, for Grass Money for his Regiment

of Dragoons in the Summer 1772 - - - - 32111 —

To Lieutenant General Carpenter for D* of his Regiment of

Dragoons in D° Summer - 123 4 —

To the Marquis of Lothian, for D° for his Regiment of

Dragoons in D° Summer - - -122 17 —

To Major General Burgoyne for Extra Feeding, for the Horles, and for Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-Commission Officers and Private Men of his Regiment

of Dragoons in D" Summer - - - 300---

To the Earl of Panmure for Grass Money for his Regiment

of Dragoons in D° Summer ----- 376 — 9

To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or maybe drawn upon him for the Pay of divers Extra Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Wands,

(Be. upon Account ---- ----1,000-

To D° for D° Service.....----- 1,000 — —

To D° for D’ Service ------- 199 3 —

To D° for D° Service - -- --. ,oooo--

To the Duke of Argyll, in full Satisfaction for the like Sum expended by

him on divers Occasions in North Britain ----- 300----

To James Majierton and John Inglis, Esquires, for Oatmeal,

Firing, Candles, (Be. furnished to the Forces quartered

in several Garrisons in North Britain, from ift. January

x 771 to 31st December following ---- -1,848 16 n

To Humphrey Bland Gardiner, Gentleman, for Necessaries fur-

nished to the Forces in North Britain, (Be. for the Year,

*772 .....2,3 78 16 4

To the Duke of Argyll, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum

expended by him on divers Occasions in North Britain 300 ——

To John Campbell, Esquire, Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him for fur-. nithing Specie to the Troops there, from 25th December 1771 to 25th December 177,2.....- 439 19 6

To John Powell, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals landed and received at Gibraltar between 2d June and 22d October 1772,

for the Use of the Garrison there - -- -....

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing divers Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1770 to

24th December 1771-----..... 160 2 _

To D* for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Troops in Plymouth Citadel and Saint Nicholas Island, from 25th December 1771 to 24th June 1772 327 16 7

To D" to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - -- - 300----

To D° for providing and repairing divers Utensils, (Be. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 23th December 1771 to 24th December 1772 ---- 187 12 4

To D°for providing Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Island, from 23th June to 24th December 1772 ' 262 7 —

To Mr. Stukeley for providing and repairing Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at P.ortfmouth, and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use

of the Forces in laid Barracks ....

To Major Barry-Saint Leger for 183 Days Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1771 - 160 2 6

To D® for 183 Days D° as D°, from 23th December 1771 to

24th June 1772 - - - -.....- - 160 2 6

To Lieutenant Colonel Barry St. Leger for 183 Days D» as

D°, from 23th June to 24th December 1772 - - - - 178 8 6

3AS7 i *

3>199 3 —

3,287 12 9

2,042 10 3

*>437 "

99 13

To

ie

.13- Geo. III. 50

Dates of Warrants.

1772.

Feb. £5. To Lieutenant<jolonel Isaac Barr e,\n Lieuof 365 Days j.

Half Pay as Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the '

106 late Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 17 70 to I4 December 1771 - - - - 1 - - 151 5 —

27th. to Major General Harvey, as 'Adjutant Generali for 365

Days Pay, from D° to D* 365 — 1 - —

I 773. . ( ,

Jan.29. to 6® for 152 t)ays D°, as D®,frotn 23 December 1771 *.

to 24Af«y 1772 - - - - *5^ * — *~

To Lieutenant General Harvey for 214 Days D°, as D®,

from 25 May to 24th December1772 - - 642 — —

1772.

April 1 $ To James Meyrick, Esquire} for 183 Days Pay of Eight Surgeons Mates belonging to the 66 Regiment of Foot at Jamaica, from 2$ Juneto 24.Dec 1771 - 242 13 10 Sept. 30th. To D4 for 183 Days D® of 8 Surgeons Mates to D® Regiment at D®, from 25 December 1771 to 24 June 1772 242 13 to

May 6th. To Vert Wane hope, Widow, Executrix to the late Henry

Wane hope, for his Salary as Barrack Mailer at the Barracks near Plymouth Dock, from ift July 1767 to 22d September 1768, the Day of hisDeceale - - - ito 14 2 13th. To Captain Frafer, as Cofflmifiary at for inspect-

ing the Cunette, Forts, and Batteries, there, 177 Days Pay, from l i October 1771 to $ April 1772 - - - 265 10 —

Obi. 23. ToD® as D°, for 188 Days D®, from 6th to to

October 1772 - - - ---- 282 —

June 26th. To Messieurs Cox and Drummond for the Pay of 7 addition Surgeons Mates belonging to the 36 Regiment bf Foot at Jamaica, to 24th December 1771 - - - 271 17 10

Oct. 20th. To D®, for the Pay of 7 D® belonging to D® at D®, from

25 December 1771 to 24 June 1772 - - - 2^0 12 3

June 26th: To Colonel Monfoit for 251 Days Pay as Aid de Catnp to His Majesty, from 30th November 1770 to 7th

August 1771 - ----- - - - . 137 xo £

Aug. 14th. To Sir David Lindsay J&isonct, for his Pay as Aid de Camp

toHis Majesty^ronnyth^g^ 1772 206 — -

To Colonel Lancelot Baugh for his Pay as D® to His Majesty, from 6th August 1771 to 5th 1772 200 ——

Novi 11 fh. To Lieutenant Colonel Wilkins for 109 Days PayaS Commanding Officerat Fort Chartres, Illinois, from 7th

September to 24th December^ 1768.....j 4017 6

23; To Lieutenant General Itwih, Major General Mackay, and Major General Fill, in Consideration of their Trouble and Expence in reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces during the Year 1772 - - - 4,737 10 —

Dec.261- To John Powell and George Cooke, Esquires, for the Pay of the supernumerary Officers of the Invalids, from 23 December 177! to 24 December 1772 - - - -2,626 2 1

.1773.

Jan. 29th. To Colonel Morrison for the Pay of his Two Assistants as

Quarter-master General, from 25 December 1771 to

24th December 1772 x8j ——

To Robert Adair, Elqtiire, for 366 Days Pay as Inspector

General of H Mpitals, from D® to D® - - - 349-----

To Colonel Wilftam Fducitt for 197 Days Pay as Deputy Adjutant General, from 10th June 17724 the Date

of his Commission, to 24 December following - - - 98 10 —

Feb. 19th; To the Duke of Richmond in Lieu of his Half Pay, from

3jft 7«/y 1766 to 2^December ini 1,368 6 3

To Major Rooke, as Major to the late 98 Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days Allowance, from 25 December 1771 to 24 December 1772 - - - - 274 10 —

To Major Blaguire for 366 Days D®, in Lieu of a Troop of

Light Dragoon^ ftom D*toD® - - - - ‘ 28^ 13 —

To George Muhro, Esquire* for 366 Days Pay as Coirimif-

fary of Stores in Scotland, from D® to D® - - - - 183 — *

To John Byron, Esquire, for 83 Days Allowance as Governor of Newfoundland, from £5 December 1771 to 16th March 1772 1&4 10 —

Feb. 25th. To Robert Adair, Esquire, for his contingent Expends as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, from 25 December 1770 to 24th December 1771 w-i ——

Vol. 34. 3 U

e

12,4$i io —

358 5 6

To

Dates of Warrants.

1773.]iily 15 th.

Feb. 19.

July 29th.

Jan. 29th.

Aug. 14th.

*773- L Jan. 29th.

1772. Mar. 6th.

24th.

m3.

i/7*.

Mar. 27th.

May 18th. Nov. 30.

1773* Jan. 29th

1772. Mar. 24th.

April 3d.

June 16th.

*773-Jan. 18.

1772.

June nth;

July 1 ft. 30th.

08. 23. July ift.

a.

5 "Apri

A- 1773'-

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for his contingent Efcpences as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries^ from 25 December 1771 to 24th June 1772 ——

To D® for| his contingent Expences, as D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1771 - -....

To Major St. Leger for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 24 June to 24 December 1771 - -To Lieutenant Colonel St. Leger for his contingent Disbursements as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 December 1771 to 24 June 1772 ——

To D# for his contingent Disbursements as D\ from 25 June to 24 December 1772 ——

To Lieutenant Colonel George Morrison for his contingent Disbursements as Quarter-master General, from 25 December 1770 to 24 December 1771 ——

To D# for his D® as D°,ffom 25 December 1771 to 24 1772 - -

To D® for his D® as D®, from 25 June to 24 December 1772 -

To Mr. ffJlIiam Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, to be paid over to several Artificers for Work done by them in Repairs, Ac, at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Somerset House, Saint , Whitehall,.

Kensington, and Hampton Court, Anno 1771 ——

To Robert' Grant, Esquire, for the Purchase and keeping up of a

Schooner for the Service of the Province of for One

Year, from 29 August 1771 to 29 1771--:----

To D® for a D® for the Service of D®, from 29 August 1772 to 29th August 1773....

To John trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Redding, (Ac, for the Forces at Saint Augustine ——

To D® for D® for the Forces at D® and Grenada -

To D° for the like Sum expended by him in providing Camp Necessaries, Hospital Bedding, Ac. for the Forces in North America, Saint ' Vincent, and Dominica - -- -.....- -

To D° for providing Hospital Bedding, (Ac. for the Use of the Forces at Saint Vincent's ——

To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, Governor of for the Hire, Vic-

tualling, and contingent Expences, of a Vessel provided by him for the Defence of the River Senegal, from x ft April to 30 September 1771 To the Colonels of the 4, 12, and 23 Regiments of Foot, for Subsist-ance of supernumerary private Men of the said Regiments, from 25th December 1769 to the Periods of tjieir Discharge -

To John Blackburn, Merchant, for victualling and maintaining Vessels employed on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in North America, from 10th November 1771,to 10 1772 - -

314 — 7

246 17 5

144 % I

163 19 2

116 18 8

356 11 6

280 10 —

297 10 —

1,918 5 a

4i7 5 ~ 4*7 5 —

95 13 422 17 4 f

784 16 10

346 14 11

564 7 9 *72 13. — 1,600----

To D° for D®, from 10 May to 10th November 1772 -

To the Rebrefentatives of Philip Dixon, Esquire, deceased, for contingent Disbursements in the Garrison of Fort Lewis in between

1770 and March 1771, during which Time the Command of the said Garrifott devolved upon him, in the Absence of the Governor To James Clark for the Hire of a Vessel employed between the River Senegal and the llland of Goree -To Robert Browne, Esquire, for the Hire of sundry Vessels employed at Senegambia, and for contingent Disbursements at Fort James, between £0 November 1770 and ift November 1771 -

To D® for the Hire of a Vessel employed by Governor at Senegal

To John Ellis, Esquire, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the Province of West Florida, for One Year, from ift January 1772 to ift January 1773 ——

Ho John Anthony_ Rucker, George A my and, Nicholas Linwood, and James

Tierney, Merchants, being a Balance, on their Account, of several Cargoes of Corn purchased and shipped by them for the Use of the Forces in Germany and Portugal, between 25th February 1762 and 8th March 1763 ——

1,600 — —

1,834 14 1

130-----

231 2 —

40-----

315-----

129 14 6

T*

13 Geo. III.

5® Aprilis.

*59

Dates of Warrants.

1772.

July 2ift»

24th. 30th. Sept. 3d.

30th. Oft. 20th.

Nov. 6.

23d.

Dec. 22.

,773*

Jan. 29th.

Feb. 4th.

12.

19th.

,23d

To Whitwell Butler for the Mire of a House at for the tlfe of

the Chief Justice there, for One Year, from 7th February 1771 to ' 7th February 1772 ——

To Francis Mackay, F.squire, for the Value of a Tract of Land in Canada, surrendered by him to His Majesty, in order that the same might be given in His Majesty’s Name to the Iroquois Indians - -

To Major General Grant, to be paid over to the Officers of the 63d Regiment of Foot, in ’ Lieu of Provisions. &c. when on Service in Grenada, from ift July 1763 to 25 June's To Thomas Nuthall and Thomas Francis, Esquires, in full Satisfaction for their Trouble and Expences in transacting Law Business, committed to their Care, relative to the Army, between ift August 1765 and 1 ft January 1771 ——

To Captain John Ross for his Expences and Trouble in an Expedition

to the Indians, on taking Possession of the Illinois, in the Year 1764 To John Campbell, Esquire, Agent to the Colony of Georgia, for Pay Bills for Boat Men, &c. and for Provisions for them, belonging to a Scout Boat employed in South Carolina, from 28th May 1771 to

27 May 1772 - - - -..... ——

To Montford Browne, Esquire, late Lieutenant Governor of the Pro

vince of West Florida, for sundry Expences incurred by him for His Majesty’s Service in the said Province, between 1 ft January 1767 and 11 January 1770 ——

To the Earl of Panmure, to replace the Losses sustained by a Detachment of the 21 Regiment of Foot shipwrecked on the Coast of Florida the $ November 1769 ——

To James Russell, Esquire, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers of the 21 ft Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by being shipwrecked on the Coast of East Florida the 5 November 1769 -

To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, Surgeons Instruments, and other Materials provided by him for the Use of the Forces in North America, the Africa, Gibral-

tar, Minorca tec. in the Years 1771 and 1772 -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, to reimburse him his travelling Expences incurred in making several Surveys in South and North

Britain during the Year 1772....

To Lieutenant General Harvey for the Pay of an Head Clerk, other Clerks, and Assistants, Returns, Stationary Ware, Foreign Letters, and the severalcontingent Expences attending the Office, as Adjutant General to the Forces, from 25 December 1771 to 24 1772

To Thomas Nixon, Merchant, Attorney to Margaret Widow,

and Executrix of Henry Cunningham, deceased, for Cooperage, and other Necefiaries, incurred by the said Mr. Cunningham as Deputy CommilTary of Stores and Provisions in East Florida -

To John Forbes, William Michie, and Captain Mark Robinson, in full Satisfaction for the Loss of a Schooner in transporting the 21st Regiment from Charles Town, South Carolina, to Augustine in East Florida, and entirely loft, in the Year 1769 -

To Captain Andrew Frafer, for his contingent Expences as Commiflafy at Dunkirk, in the Year 1772 ——

To Witter Cuming and Render Mafoti, Esquires, in full Discharge of a Balance due to them on remitting Monies to the Forces in East Florida, between 16th July 1765 and 24 October 1772 -

To Edward Lewis, Esquire, in full Discharge of a Balance due to him on remitting Monies to the Forces in West Florida, between 25th December 1767 and 24th August 1772 -

To Lieutenant General Oughton, for the contingent Disbursements of the 31st Regiment of Foot, from 25 July 1765 to 24 June 1768 -To Major AllanM‘Donald for his contingent Expellees in Saint John's,

Newfoundland, from 12th August 1765 to 24 December ijq 2 - -

To Messieurs Rofsand Gray to reimburse a Stoppage made for victualling

Three Companies of the 6othRegiment of Foot in the Year 1763 - -

Total - - .

60 — —

1,000----

574 9 7

1,310 15 8

19* 3

360 7 11

469 9 a

301---- —

73 —

2,852 17 11

263 — —

411 2 3

63 LO —

300 -

30 17 6

1,700 12 4

881 3 —

649 16 61

232 18 7$

285 19 9

249,708 12 I

War Office, 5th 1773.

Barrington.

Yol. 34.

Ordered,

tall IndU Affairs: Captain Mactoenfcie.

6o

56 AprtliL

Ai .1^73i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perul’ed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Grant, appointed by the East India Company a Major in the East Indies, and Secretary to General Coote on his last Expedition to India, On Behalf of David Mackenzie, in Bengal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having perused the Report made by the Committee of Sefcrecy, (in Wednesday the 24th Day of March last) finds that the Conduct of a British Subject (not named in the Report, but who, from the Circurnstances of the same as there reported, appears to be Captain David Mackenzie, Brother-in-law to the Petitioner) is there refledled on in the moll affecting Manner; and the Petitioner therefore begs Leave to acquaint the House of the following Fads, for their Consideration: That the Petitioner was in Bengal, when the Charges of Op. predion exhibited against Captain Mackenzie were first framed; and that they were made in consequence of a Representation, which the Petitioner exhibited against Messieurs Laurel and Purling in particular, and which, from the Defence of the latter, extended to the whole Board of Revenue, for collusive Practices in letting the Lands at Rungpore; and that those Informations the Petitioner had obtained through the Means of Captain Mackenzie-, and that in consequence, Captain Mackenzie was brought to a General Court Martial, the President whereof. Major Morgan, is now in England and that, after long Deliberation, the Charges exhibited at the Court Martial were confined to some frivolous. Points of Duty; and that Captain Mackenzie frequently and repeatedly, by Word, by Letter, and at the Court Martial, called on the Gentlemen who had threatened him with those Charges of Oppression (in order to flop the Petitioner’s Complaint) to bring those Ac-cufations publicly in the Face of his Country, that he might be acquitted or condemned by an open and legal Trial; and that Mr. Alexander, who was the Chief of the Board of Revenue, and signed the Charges against Captain Mackenzie, -refused to attend the Court Mar-

tial; nor was it till after various Negociations of Ten Days that he would appear, although on the Spot; v and that no AccuCition of Opprefiion was stated to the Court Martial, npr did any appear on Evidence; and with respect to all the other Charges, Captain Mackenzie was fully acquitted by the Court Martial; and that the Cause assigned, for not exhibiting the Charges of Opprefiion against Captain Mackenzie at the Court Martial, was, that those A^dls were not cognizable before such a Court; whereas, in Truth, a General Court Martial was the only proper Court before which they could be tried, beyond the Limits of the Charter; and they were fully within the Words and Construe-tion of the Articles of War; and that instead of a fair and legal Trial, the Board of Revenue (who flood accused) proceeded to examine into those Complaints against Captain Mackenzie, the Petitioner against Messieurs Laurel and Purling being first imprisoned, and afterwards Myrza HuJJ'ein, the former Aumil or Civil Governor of Rungpore, during the Time that those Op-pressions were said to have been committed, was confined to his House, by Order of Mahomed Reza this Man was Captain Mackenzie's principal Evidence; and must, from the Nature of his Station, have been best acquainted with the Fads; and it was the Duty of the Board to have compelled his Attendance; and that, notwithstanding the severe Indisposition of Captain Mackenzie, rendering him unable to Hand, as con-

sessed by Mr. Middleton himself, in a Representation he^tnade to the Governor,- the Board of Revenue still proceeded to take ex parte Examinations; and that, when Captain Mackenzie was able to stir, and desired to produce his Witnesses in Exculpation, he was denied that Right; and that Major Morgan was ready then, and is ready to testify now, that from the Nature of the Military Subordination at the Out Settle-

ments to the Chief of the District, it was impossible those Severities could have flowed from Captain r-enzie,e\en supposing the y had existed; and that the chief Complaints against Captain Mackenzie were from Men indebted to him,; who, so far from - paying exorbitant Interest, have always refused to pay the Principal; and that_ in general it is a notorious Fact, that; when the Terrors of Government, by Imprisonment and other Severities, are held out on the one Hand, and Favours on the-other, in the arbitrary Government of any Depositions that are wished for may be obtained; and where the Parties, accused preside as Governors,'and fit as the Judges, we may expect a Decision correspondent to such incongruous Proceedings; and that the Petitioner, having wrote the Purport of the foregoing Petition, by Way of Letter, dated the 15th of February last, to the Chairrtiah of the Committee of Secrecy, the Petitioner expected that himself and -Major Morgan would have been examined by the said Committee, respeaing the said Charges, in case the said Committee thought proper to report upon them > but hitherto neither of them have been summoned to appear before the said Committee: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted, by his own and other Evidence, to dojustice to the Character of Captain;

and to set forth to the House, the Source and Spring of the Prosecution which has been carried on against him.

The House was moved. That so much of the Report, which, upon Wednesday the 24th Day of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy (appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company* as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) as relates to the Conduct of one of His Majesty’s British Subjects employed in the East India Company’s Service, in Bengal, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That so much of the said Report as (in order to shew to the House in what Manner many of the Abuses stated in the said Report still exist in Bengal) contains Charges made in India against a British Subject there (the Enquiry into which was not finished when the last Ships were dispatched from Bengal) be re-committed;

A Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Question was put, That so much of the said Report as (in order to shew to the House in what Manner many of the Abuses stated in the said Report still exist in Bengal) contains Charges made in India against a British Subject there (the Enquiry into which was not finished when the last Ships were dispatched from Bengal) be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the said Report be taken into Consideration.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- East India quainted the House, That His Majesty having been Affain. informed of the Contents of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the.

Table, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House m^y do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolv©

13 Ge6. III. 5°--60 Aprilis, o*61-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company;

Ordered, That what Lord North has now Acquainted the House with, from His Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fortnight, the 21st Day of this Instant April, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon IVMorn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-ean*' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773* Prayers.

Commons, QRdered, That Mr. Gilbert be added to the Gentle-

Wffics, Ac. men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

Gregge’* Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee, Name, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Gregge late Ed-

ward Gregge, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take, and use, the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cartwright’* Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate*. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for nominating a Person, in the room of Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright, Widow., in directing the Sale of such Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas de-

Vol. 34.

ceased, as they shall think proper, for railing Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisflidion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was ,read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass*

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment*

Mr. Vanfittartreported from the Committee, to whom Theobald’*

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Theobald, Esquire, to cajry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, Part

of his settled Eftutes, to the Reverend William Reid; and for laying out the Money.anfing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and He;eriitaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint' them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,. ’

) *’ /

Mr. Mackwbrth reported from the Committee, to Cox’s Whom the Bill for enabling James Cox; Jeweller, to Muleutn* dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox's by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be/nott for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.' Dundas reported frorti the Committee, to whom Forth&Clyde

the Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made Canal, in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or lliver, of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River, of Clyde, at Or near a Place called Bums dot in

the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same, to the City of Glasgow-, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Boto join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, was committed; That the Cofrimittee had examined1 the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hid directed him 3 X to

263 & Aprmi. 1773.

to report to ‘the 'House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Longmarfton Mr. Soiithzvell reported from the Coriimittee, to whom

Iftdofure. tire Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in the -County of Gloucester, was committed; That the-Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to -be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to -the ’Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,‘One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to-by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Private Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, presented to the

Mad Houses. House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating private Madhouses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the* Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Laid ' Bill be printed.

African The House being informed that Mr. from

Account ^ornm*ttce the Company of Merchants trading ccoant‘ to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1771, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of'Merchants trad-' ing to Africa; distinguishing every Article*of Etc-' " pence under its proper Title."

And then ho withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

New River A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Company: New River, brought from Chadzvell and ,to

St. Mary London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Paving* Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made, one in the 8th, and the other in the 10th Year of His present MajestyV Reign, for regulating the ‘Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the county of ;

and for other Purpol'es in the said Acts mentioned; and Setting forth, That the'Petitioners apprehend, that several of the Amendments proposed by the said Bill will be very detrimental and injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against i’uch Parts of the said Bill is alfcft the Petitioners; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That 'the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whpra the said Bill Committed; and‘that the Petitioners be heard, by* theif Counsel,1 before the said Committee, upon their ‘ Petition* if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that tfiey do admit OmirifeTto be beard, at tha same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against -the‘fori Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come'to the Oom1 mittee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for more effectually executing an Act, gal- North Level fed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King the {4^* DistnA)

Second, -for draining and preferring the Tands in the «"*»* North Level, Part of Bedford lLevei, so for as delates to the Fourth Difrift of the said North LCVel, wa.i read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jdhh Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, -intituled, An Cherill,

Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging "the &c* Powers; of an Act, made in the Seventeenth‘Year of Roads* the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine, to Stttdjey Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three MiteBurrongh, at the Top of Cherill , in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed'to-the Bill, intituled, An Act Wrotham, for repairing the -Road from the Royal Oak en Wro-tham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County °* *' of Kent, -and 'from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak -to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An N°rt|'Leyd Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, draining made in the Twenty-fevrinth Year of the Reign of his *

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor,

" Bailiffs, and Commonalty,-of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonally " called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the1 Duke " of Bedford, and.Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the " 'Proprietors' of Lands in the North Level, Part of " the said Great Level, to raise Money, to difelwge the Proportion of the said North-Levelin the Debts

of the said Corporation; and' for ascertaining ami " appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said " Lm*/; and for the more effectual draining and.pre-"'serving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in thd Manor of ," so far as

the same relates to the foverdl Fen Lands lying in the Second District in the said Act: described; without any Amendment: 'And also,

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitton for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, Inclosure. and Grounds, in the Paiflh of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tingewick for dividing and mclosing"the Commons, Wastes, and Inclosure. Common Fields, in 'the 'Parishes ,of Tingewick and Rad-clivo cum Chackmore,. in thb'County; without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Preston for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing, the Qpen and (Rutlandft.) Commonable Fields, Meadows, Laikls, and Waite lncofure' Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor,

Parish, and Liberties, of Preston, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also,

Tire Lords have agreedTO'the‘. Bill, intituled, An Act Eflirx.

' for raising a further Sum of ‘ Money, for the Purpose Gaol-of re-building the common Gaol 'of the . County of Essex; without any "Amendment :And 4lfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Birmingham Paving, Sc c.

13 Geo. III.

263

Bore

Navigation,

Hirdingfton,

See.

Inclosure.

Sing’.'Dclph,

See.

Drainage.

New hold. Sec. inclosure.

Hackonby

Inclosure.

Lanchester

inclosore.

Glass

Manufactories.

Kinfare, &c. indofure.

Aa to amend fin Act» passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, instilled, " Ah 4^ for laying " open and widening certain Ways and Passages within " the Town of Birmingham, and for cleanftngand lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways', and Passages, there.;

" and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Ob-"Itructions therein;" and for widening certain other . Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly watch'; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed iii the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the RiVer Bure, commonly called Che North ,by and from Coltiftiall, to Aylfham Bridge, in the County of J

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the till, intituled, An Act for continuing-the Term’, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Post, in the Parish of Hardiugstoti, in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining arid preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Wand Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the I*arish of Hackonby, in the -County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Kinfare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of ver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harpham, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable fct--Fields, Parcels of Meadow or Pasture, and other ncofure* Grounds, within the Township of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Skip ton, tec. for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Field, and nc‘° ure‘ the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skiptonand Kin the Coun-

ty of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill’, intituled, An Act Durham, tec. for enlarging the Terms and , Powers of Two Acts, of Road> the Twentieth and Twenty-fixtH Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road . leading from the City o {t Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County; without any Amend-mend: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Sedbereh to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange

certain Lands and Possessions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Walter Vavafour, of in the said County, Esquire, for other Lands, in the Parish of Sedbergh aforesaidi of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Miller’* for veiling certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in Estate*. the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for . purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Saint John, Mr: Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hudson’a for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Here- Estate*. ditaments. Part of the Estate of John Hudson, late of Beffmgby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fuller, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy Office of Lord. High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Estimate.

,to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as ;it Hood on the 31st December 1772.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Yot. 3.4-

Nays

264

6° Aprilis.

A. 177$.

Navy Office, 7 26th February 1773* 3

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, ori the' Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1772.

Heads of the Naval Estimate*.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports. Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliment on Naval Stores ——

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, fsV. for which ho Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1772; as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several'Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For HalfPay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf.....‘.....-

Seamen’s Wages. t)ue to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid

off ----- -.....-

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1772 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Ne-celfaries. Free Gifts, &c..... - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; t)ue for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1772 ——

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, arid Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set ofi Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and contingencies relating to the said Office

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two million Twenty-six thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny -

From whence deducting the Money in the T f

Treasurer’s Hands.....! as on the other J

And also the Money that remained to come j s,d*‘ J

in of the Supplies -.....J

The Debt will then be One million Five hundred and Thirty-five theuland Three hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing -

A7. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports, between the iftof January 1772 and 31st December following And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the ill of January 1772 and the 3if);of December'following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.23,411;. 8. I.J-, no Provision has been made by Parliament; but, if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be One million Five hundred and Eleven thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings

H. Pallijfer, J. Williams, E. Mason, T. Brett, Geo. Mar fit.

Particulars.

s. d.

766,3 5* — 2

34*534 8 7 .

72*5*3 *4 9

79^95 — —

61,040 19

146,677 6 si

459>576 6 8

35»88i 3 7

17,626 11 6

313*064 4 11

12*777 *9 3

2*759 6'

6,180 13 3

Total.

£ s. d.

> 1,0x4,336 4

> 642,134 16 8J

35M o0 3 5

— — 18,919 *3 71

— 2,026,799 l6 5v

253*532 337>884 13 10;- -S 2 > 49I»417 2 H

— — i»535»j82 h 4i

,12,243 13 1 - 1 > 23,415 8 Ir

11,171 15 — V 1

I>51 6 zl

<5

o

CD

o

cS

FT

£ Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1772, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

00

K

On the Heads of

In what Treasurer’s Hands. In Money. c Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages. Victuals. Total.

£ *. d. s. d. £ d. £*; S.

Eight Honble George Grettville, fin Money - (D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - 7,392 16 7 i3»293 276 — 2 13 — § 2,379 19 11 } 23,342 9 9i

Right HonbI. Wm Lord Vifc* Barrington - - fin Money - - - £d° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - 6,835 6 1 3.305 31 12 81 4 3 1,640 7 7* 11,812 IO — i

Right Hon"1' Rd Lord Vifc* H - - (In Money - -- - - -- -(D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - 16,189 6 3f 17,023 5 1 4» 2 4i 2,916 6 10 J j 36,133 l6 II

Right Hon*"' Sir Gilbert Elliot, B'. - - - fin Money ------ (D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - - V 29,618 12 4 47 >601 3,220 17 IO± 11 II. 1,802 14 4 j 82,243 16 5 r

£ 60,036 1 4 84,757 3 9* 8,739- 8 9i 153,532 *3 IO id

! - ?- - ?! i i? . £ n r v ‘T J. J.

There remained, on the 31st December 1772, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1772

337*8

& SLi

1

O

' |

on

cn

13 Geo. III. 6° 4>n7/j.

6° — f Aprilis. 1773.

Carder id. Tint the Ijpd Estimate do fie upon the Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of Table* to be perused by the Members of the House. the Surpluses, Excetfes, or Overplus Monies, and other

Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sedbergh An ingrossedBtH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and In-School to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School cumbrances thereupon.

Lands, of EdvDord the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town,

of Sedbergh, in thtXouaty of York, to exchange certain Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, according Lands and Possessions of this said School, therein men- to Order, a Bill for the better Cultivation, Improve-tioned, with Walter Vtvafotir, of West oh, in the said ment, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, County, Esquipr, for other Lands in the Parish of Wastes, and Commons of failure, in this Kingdom: Sedbergh aforesaid, of greater Value; to be settled’ to And the same was received; and read the First Time, the same Uses,’ was read thCFirft Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mereuriij;

Anno 13* Georgii III. U Regis, 1773. Praters,

Exchequer flRdaed, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

AccounF count of die Money remaining in the Exchequer, ordered, on the 5th Day of April 1793, for the Dilppfition, of

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, front the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant td their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining-in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1773* for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surpluses, Exeefles, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth viz.

JTo the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bulge fibs, in Parliament assembled.

" *:; t . 1 1 1 1

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1773, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen,: of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund cpmmqnty caljed the Sinking Fund, after Iatisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

THE Money^ remaining in the Exchequer* on the5th Day of April 1773, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Montes which had then arisen, of the Surplyfles, Epccefies, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, compofingFund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Three hundred Fifty thousand One hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence Farthing

Eachequer, the 7 th Day of April* 773.

Ordered, That the said AccounTbg referred to the Committee of the whole House, to wfipm it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Means. rcf0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Comnflfittee, That they

John Hughfon.

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow^ Morning.

_ Mr. Cooper, also acquainted the House, That he was directed by jthe Committee to moive, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, F^at this House will, upon the 21 ft Day !of this instant April, riefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ponfider further of; Ways and Mpans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee ofi the whple House,

to

Commons,

Wastes,

See.

Exchequer

Account

presented.

Supply,

.13 Geo. III. rj 0 Aprili 7

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refalved, That this House will, upon the

a 1 ft Day of this lnstant , resolve itself into the said Committee.

Turnpike A Petition of the Trustees appointed to repair the Roads. District of Road leading from the West End of

Street, in the County of Wilts, to the Herse and Jockey', in the Parish of Box, in the said County, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said District of Road is- the high arid most frequented Road from the City of London to the Cities of Both and Bristol, lies in an inclosed Country, the Soil whereof is of a deep Clay, and Materials are lb scarce, that the Petitioners are obliged to fend many Miles for the lame; and that, after Waggons and Carriages, the Wheels whereof roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches, were by Law permitted to pass for small Tolls, and carry unlimited Weights, most of the Carriages travelling on that District: were, and are, converted to that Construction, and carried, and still carry, such enormous Loads, that the Petitioners found it was impossible for them, after paying the Interest of £. 4,400 on the Mortgage of the 'l olls, to-keep the said District in Repair; and that the utmost Frugality and (Economy has been used, in procuring Materials, and employing Workmen, in Repair of the said Turnpike Road; and that, if a certain Ckufe, in a Bill, which the Petitioners are informed is brought into the House, whereby Carriages, the Wheels whereof roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches, shall not be liable to be weighed at an Engine which the Petitioners may ered on the faic} District of Road, but that such Carriages shall be at Liberty to carry unlimited Weights, and whereby the Tolb of such Carriages will be greatly reduced, or whereby Carriages drawn with Wheels, the Fellies whereof are of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, shall be permitted to be drawn with any Number of Horses, carry unlimited Weight, and pass Toll-free, for Three Years, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be impossible for them to pay the Interest of the Money advanced on Mortgage of the said Tolls, and -also repair the said District of Road; but, the Petitioners apprehend, the said District of Road will inevitably become impafiable for Carriages of any Kind whatsoever: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Clause, respecting the aforesaid District, passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Disposition Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an «f Grants. Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1772, have been disposed of; distinguished under their Several Heads.

Cox’s An ingrossed Bill for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, Museum. dispose Df his Museum, commonly called Cox's Mu-feym, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors, was read the Third Time.

.Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Museum, commonly called Cox’s Museum, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hampton An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep-to Swines ing in Repair, the Road from the Guide at the West Road< End of the Town of Ham, over Sunbury Common, to

You 34.

the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Post, at the West End of the Town of H.wipton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, lighting, and watch- Ham ing, the Roads leading from Ham to Richmond, in the jyc^onj County of Surrey, was read the Third Time. Roads.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.: And that the Title be, An Act for the amending, lighting, and watching, the Highways, or Roads, within the Town, Village, or Chapelry, of Petersham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

An ingtofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Pxefton Arable Fields, Meadow, and Paftute Grounds, within (y°r£*hire) the Township of Prcjon, in Holc&rness, in the Ealt lnc*"nre* Riding of the County of York, was read thie Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and indoiing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township of Preston, in Holderhefs, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Sdvile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Roan’* to impower the Feoffees of Roan’s Charity, in Green- Charity wick, to fell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land; Part Estate* of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish; and to apply the Money arising by such.

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hull Quays establishing lawful Quays, or Wharfs, at the Port of and Wharfs. Hull, for the shipping and lading Goods and Merchandize; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir George Savile do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom Deeping the Report was re-committed, which was made from F«®». *c. the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners Drauw*c* and Proprietors of Lands, lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens in the County of Lincoln was referred. That the Committee had received further Evidence upon the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the Sixteenth and Sevententh of King Charles the Second, and the Eleventh of King George the Second, relating to draining and preferring the said Fens, were read; which last mentioned Act recites an Act of his laid late Majesty King Charles, for settling the draining of the said Fens,

And Mr. George Thmpfon informed your Committee^ that, pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, the Undertakers for draining the said Lands had expended great Sums of Money in carrying the Purposes of the said

a68

7° Apr Ms. A. 1773»

said Acts into Execution; notwithstanding which, many of the said Lands have lately been overflowed, and are at present of very little Value.

And Mr. Yeoman, an Engineer, being examined, said. That further Powers are wanted, to enable the said Undertakers to drain the said Fens.

And that in order to effectually enable them to drain and preserve the said Fen Lands, it is necessary to take down and remove several Wharfs and Buildings, which have been erected on the Banks of the River Welland, within the Town of Spalding; and that the Proprietors thereof have been applied to, and are willing to fell the fames

And Mr. Yeoman added, That great Inconveniencies huve arisen in the Execution of the said Acts, from certain Restrictions therein, relative to the Times of Meeting, for raising the Taxes directed to be raised for draining and improving the said Lands.

And the Witness added. That if the Times directed for holding those Meetings, and also for Payment of the Taxes directed to be raised by Virtue of the said Acts, were altered, such Alterations would be beneficial to . the Owners and Proprietors of the said Fen Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of KingCV/ar/er the Second, and the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, and other Fens therein mentioned, in the ‘County of Lincoln; and for amending so much of an Act of the Twenty-second Year of his said Majesty King Charles the'Second, as relates to the Times of raising and paying Money for draining and preserving the said Fens: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Sir James Pennyman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chamber; and all who gortie to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Temple Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and So'££by» known by the respective Names of Temple Sower by jnciofure.

Moor, The Down Moor, The Whinns, and Parson's Close, within the Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of West-moreland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robinson. Sir James Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That several material Turnpike Alterations are necessary to be made- in the Bill to ex*- Roads* plain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purpol'es;

- which Bill was, upon Friday the 5th Day of March last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed; and that the said Alterations cannot be inserted, or made therein, so as to correspond with the

present Provisions of the said Bill, in the Form in which the same is now drawn;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce, into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. , Sir George Savile, Sir Cecil Wray, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr.

- Bacon, and Sir Thomas Clavering, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Forth and An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, Clyde Canal. made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River, of . Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River, of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfool, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of; and for making

a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, or River, of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River, of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River, of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A flay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Offices. Reading of; the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Matters, for.allaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, Be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That -the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-with, Mr. Montagu,*&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at -Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House Bread, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

-upon the Bill for better regulating the -Assize and Making of Bread; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bretttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Brett accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made -to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Lord Belafyfe reported from the Committee, t# prax whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure. Open Fields Within the Township and Parish of Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 18 Acres, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands *

intended to be inclosed contains 156 Acres 26 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

House;

M'CuIloch’s

Estate.

Newport

Writ.

African

Company.

Royal Assent to Bills.

13 Geo. III. 7 0 Aprilis.269

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;. and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Bar-holm, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John MCu/loch, now of Barholm, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affectir.g the same; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make cut anew Writ for the Electing of a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Eames, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-.quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and the Earl of Marchmont, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed!; viz.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, " and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further 4tPreservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants," to Poplar, Alder, Maple, Larch, arid Hornbeam:

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots, conducting Ships and Vessels to and out of the Port of King's Lynn, and of the Bridgemen con-

Vol. 34.

dueling Gangs of Lighters or Barges to ajtd from the same; and for laying down Moorings in the Harbour of the said Port; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire therein:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, for the Purpose of rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County

ofEfex:

An Act to incorporate certain Persons, therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Pur* pose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the fame, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the calling of large Plate Glass:

An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Street^ Lanes, and Places, within the Town of Brighthelnfione, in the County of Sussex; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the futhre; for holding and regulating a Market within the said Town i for building and repairing Groyns, in order to render the Coast safe and commodious for Ships or Vessels to unload and land Sea Coal, Culm, and other Coal, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and for laying a Duty thereon; and for other Purposes:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying " open and widening certain Ways and Passages within " the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and " lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, " there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances " and Obstructions therein ;" and for widening certain other Streets and Places; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and for regulating Carts and Carmen employed in the fivid Town:

An Act for amending and rendering more effedhial an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, " Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly .* called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke " of Bedford, and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the " Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the " said Great Level, to raise Money, to discharge the " Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of " the said Corporation; and for atcertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North " Level; and for the more effectual draining and pre» " serving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cropland;" so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands lying in the Second District in the said Act described:

An Act for making and extending the Navigation of the River Bure, commonly called the North River, by and from Coltishall, to Aylsham Bridge, in the County of

Norfolk:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Line to

Hajfop, and from. Middlehills to the Macclesfield -Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and for amending several other Roads adjoining the reto:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of IVrot ham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak, to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County:

3 Z An

270 7° Aprilis 1773*

An Act for continuing the Term* and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cherill, through to Stud* It) Bridge, and from Ckerill to the Three Mile Burroughs

at the 1 of of Cherill Hill, in the county of :

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Way Post, in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County:

.. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Din the County of Dirham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for vesting certain Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Wilts, Part S>f the settled Estates of the Earl of Macclesfield, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged; and the Money arising thereby to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Premises, in the County of Worcester, for other Lands and Premises in the same County, belonging to Thomas Foley, Esquire:

An Act to impower the Wardens, Preceptor, or Matter, of the Scholars and poor People of the Alms-house, or Hospital, of Jesus, in Gifburne, in Cleveland, in the County of York, to convey a certain Messuage, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Almihouse, or Hospital, unto Charles Turner, of Kirkleatham, in the said County, Esquire,

and his Heirs; and to enable the said Wardens, Preceptor, or Matter, of the Scholars and poor People of the Almihouse, or Hospital, of Jesus, to carry into Execution an Agreement with the Reverend Henry of Hornby Grainge, in the said County of York, Clerk, for the Purchase of a certain Messuage, or Tenement, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pari Hi of Birkby, in the North Riding of the said County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them and their Suc-.cessors, for the Use, Benefit, and Advancement, of the said Charity:

An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands, between diaries Turner, Esquire, and the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College, in Cambridge:

An Act for nominating a Person, in the Room of Thomas Cartwright, Esquire, deceased, to join with Elizabeth Cartwright, Widow, in directing the Sale of rluch. Part or Parts of the settled Estates of the said Thomas Cartwright, deceased, as they shall think proper, for railing Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds; and for other Purposes:

An Act to enable James Theobald, Esquire, to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of certain Hereditaments, situate at White Waltham, in the County of Berks, Part of his settled Estates, to the Reverend William Bead; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates do now (land limited:

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Stockport, in the County of Chester, for the Time being, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Redtory; and to exchange Part of the said Glebe Lands, and other Lands in the Township-of Stockport aforesaid, between Sir George Knight

of the Bath, Patron of the Advowlbn of the said Rectory, and John Watson, present Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Stockport aforesaid:

: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pasture Grounds, Ings, and Common or Waste Ground, within the Township of Eafi Cottingwith, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Town and Territories of Burfiwick and , in the Parish

of Skeckling cum Bttrfiwick, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, Townships, and Liberties, of Houghton cum Witton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Walfgrave, other wise in the

Parish of Scarborough, in the North Riding’of the County of 7ork:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Broad Sib* ford, otherwise Sibford Gotver, and Burdrup, in the Parish of Swaldiffe, in the County of Oxford

An Act for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and other Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Whitgreave, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Whitton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Waste Grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Prefion, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Newbold upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and Long Lawford Heath, in the Parish of Newbold aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Hackonby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Wastes, and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Tinge-wick and Radclive cum Chackmore, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods-, and also other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in a certain Place, called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the Hamlet and Village of Farcett and Standground, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Parish and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called fare and Compton Common, within the Manor and Parish of Kinver, otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Parcels of Meadow or Pasture, and other Grounds, within the Township of Harpham, in the Parish of Agnes Burton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing' a certain Open Field, and the Commons, Common of Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Skipton and Kildwick, in the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Featherftort Bowerbank, with Ann Jane Bennett, his now Wife ‘,

and

13 Geo. III.

7 ° Apri

and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Edward Hopwood, late Ed-

ward Gregge, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the other Persons therein described, to retain, take, and use, the Surname of Hopwood, and to bear and quarter the Arms of Hopwood, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hopwood, deceased.

African Then the Petition of the Committee of the Company Company. Merchants trading to Africa, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1771, examined and palfed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by aii Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that they have invested the Money granted in 1772, for the Support and Maintenance of the several Forts and Settlements on the said Coast, and likewise the Money granted for the Repairs of Cape Coast Castle; and that. the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company* and the Sums annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, the Home, last Year, granted the Sum of Two thousand Four hundred Pounds, to finish the Repairs of Cape Coast; but that many of the other Fofts Hill remain 'in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners, being fenflble of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as to them shall seem tneet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

East India Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Hopkins, Mr. Langlois, Affairs — and Mr. Lockhart, be added to the Committee of Se-Secrecyt °*crecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observa-_ tions thereupon.

£an of Ordered, That this House be called over upon the House. Monday Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for, in Oustody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Monday Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant April.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

SIR.

From the House of Commons, the 7th April 1773.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County^ and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the Twenty-sixth Day of this Instant April; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done Vox.. 34.

thereupon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am,

Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Ft Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 7th 1773*

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the Twenty-sixth Day of this Instant April’, your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Ac*-count of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon.

j I am, with the litmost Respect,

' My Lord,

Your Lordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant, 1 Ft Norton, Speaker.

To the Earl of Holdemejfe,

Lord 'Warden of the Cinque Ports*

A Petition of Sir William Barofiet, Owner

of a Colliery and Lands in Swil/ington, and

lerton Bywater, in the County of fork, of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Behalf of Sir John Good-ricke. Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are seised, for their Lives, of a Collieiy and Lands in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, and of William Mann schalt, Esquire, Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the late Right honourable George Lord Bingley, deceased. Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned, in Allerton By water aforesaid, in Remainder, after the Decease of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame Mary his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; getting-forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by. the Votes, that a Petition is depending, for a Bill to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of near Leeds, to the River Ouse, at or near Selby, in the said County of York;. and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said intended Canal is proposed to be carried over the said Collieries, and through the said Lands of the Petitioners, by which the said Collieries will be much injured, if not utterly ruined, and the said Lands very greatly damaged: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley,

Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaref-borough, Boroughbridge, Wet her by, Bedall,

Richmond, Northallerton, Thirsk, , Skipton,

Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T^for theY^I

Tellers for the Noes, j:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

f 47'

: 37.

Ordered,

Leeds,

&c.

Canal.

272

7° — 8aJprilis.

A 1773;

Ordered, That it be an Irtstruction to the said Corft*-mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petitioa now presented.

Rate of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the InterestTwelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen West Indies. Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest,

" without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating Doubts, touching Securities executed in Great of or concerning Estates in His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Pulteney:

Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Whitworih: } 3°

So it passed in the Negative.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid.before this HcAife, an ordered. Account of the total Quantities of Foreign Linen imported into England, from January 1752, to January 1772, converted into with the Amount

Of the Duties paid thereon -j ’ distinguishing the Quantities and Duties of each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of Foreign Linen exported from England, from January 1752 to January 1772, converted. into BYards, with the Amount of the Duties drawn back; distinguishing the Quantities and Drawbacks of each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported, from the Commencement of the Bounty, to January 1772; distinguishing the Quantities and Bounties paid each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Raw Linen Yam imported from Foreign Parts, for Twenty Years preceding January 1772, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of British and Irish Linens, printed, painted, or stained, which have been exported, for Ten Years preceding January 1772.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Foreign Linens, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, and exported again, with the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and what to other Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Quantities of Ticks or Tickings imported into Great Britain, and exported from thee, for Twenty Years preceding January 1772, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exports of British Manufactures to Holland, Germany, and Russia; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods, and the Quantities and Values to each of the said Countries, for Forty Years preceding January 1772.

Address: — Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

ManU" Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Extracts of aft Letters, or other Information, received by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, concerning Duties, or Prohibitions, laid on the Importation of British Manufactures into the Dominions of any of the - ’ 5

Princes Or States of Germany, of Russia, of of Holland, since the Year 1720.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° dieA;

Anno 13® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers. "

MR. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Way* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it rwas Means, referred to consider furtherof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolurion which: the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place.; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty thousand One hundred and Ninety- three Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1773, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplu&s, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, oom-posing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after Satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances there-: upon.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tb by the House.

Sir James Pernymatl presented to the' House, according Deeping to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts Fens, &c. of Parliament of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years Drainage, of King Charles the Second, and the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, and other Fens therein mentioned, in the County of Li>uoln; and for amending so much of an Act of the Twenty-second Year of, his said Majesty King Charles the Second, as relates to the Times of raising and paying Money for draining and preserving the said Fens: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Six Weeks, upon Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun have Leave to Ditto, go to the Bath, for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Wildbore do make the Report Yaxley from the Committee, to- whom the Bill for the! more Drainage, effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Ya in the County of Huntingdon, was committed.

Mr. Wyldboreaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Compiittce had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coquent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction, of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill,

with

East India Affairs.

MadHooTcs.

13 Geo. III.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

273

houses, be read a Second Time upon the

2 2d Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Seven-night, the .21 ft Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

8° — 210

Generals Burgoyne reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the -said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said 'Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Ori- . ginal.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Private Mad-

Mercurii, 21° die Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Treasury the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called Account: in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Dispofirion to their Order, of Grants.

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1772 has been dispoied of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 21st Day of April 1773, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

You 34.

4 A

An

<1

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1772 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 21st Day of 1773, and the

Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

/"for the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 25,000 Men, including 6,664 Marines, from \ the lftof January 1772 ——

J For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1772 -

1 Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1772 -

{For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For Ditto, - - Land Service.....-----

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1771 - ....

’ For defraying the Charge of 17,547 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

and Guernsey, for the Year 1772 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1772 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment, of 5 Battalions and Companies of Foot, serving in the isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1772 -For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1772 - - - - „ -

For Pensions to the Widows of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1772 -

For the Red jeed Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1772 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1772 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1772

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to the 20th of February 1772, and not provided for by Parliament....

£ ' d.

1,235,000 -

394>7*S *7 6

375.939 -

£. d. 65,000 — — 215,883 17 4

3a.498 6 3

£- d.

629,491 4 j

388,953 12 71

4.723 21

>1,322 7 3 644 — —

115,765 16 —

1,281 — 6 124,813 12 6

274.43a 4 7i

Sams voted.

£. s. d.

2,005,664 17 6

3i3»3* 3 7

1,551,428 ii

Sums paid.

£» s.

1,813,164 17 6

313.38* 3 7

1,551,428 2 1

Remains to be paid. . ’ *

£. d.

192,500 — —

5?

Os>

Memorandum. :The i-8th of a Penny, being a Fraction not issuable, is omitted, except in the Sums voted.

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 177a " -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the

24th Day of June 1771 to 24th of June 1772 -....

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24 h of June 1771 to 24th of June 1772.- ——

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other Incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1771 to 24th of June 1772 ——

For defraying the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegamhia, for the Year 1772 -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1772 To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, to assist the said Company in carrying on their Trade ——

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa - - - .

For the more effectually repairing the Fort of Cape Coast Castle, on the Coast of Africa - -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1772, voted £.6,998. 14/. 5d. but satisfied with £. 6,998. 14/. 3 d. ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to several Persons in North Britain, as a Compensation, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle - .

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mufenm to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament - - -.....----

To Sir William Hamilton, Knight, for the Pirrchafe (for the Use of the Public) of the Collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Roman Antiquities, brought by him from Italy - - - .

To enable the Trustees of the British Museum to provide a proper Repository for the Reception of the said Antiquities To encourage the more effectually prosecuting Discoveries towards the South Pole ——

To Claries Irving, for the Discovery of an easy and practicable Method of making Sea Water fresh and wholesome -To Daniel Peter Layard, Doctor of Physic, for his Advice and Assistance in carrying into Execution a Plan for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain ——

To Edmund Hill, for his Loss sustained by discontinuing the Use of Pestles in making Gunpowder, at his Mills upon Heunftwt Heath ——

" f To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1771 -

S,) To make goed the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1770, at Lady Day 1772 - -

*2 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1770, at Michaelmas 1772 -

*5 Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3tU

L To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1771 -

To pay off and discharge the principal-Bum of £. i,8co, oooo in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act ii° Georgii 3lii, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1772, together with Interest and Charges attending the same - - r-. ——

To satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who subscribed their Capital Stock of £.3 per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated, pursuant to an Act 120 Georgii $ai -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to be by them distributed, and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 120 Georgii 3lil -To reimburse Expences, and for Rewards to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving the Contributions to the Lottery, and paying the same info the Exchequer; and for paying the several Prizes in the said Lottery i and also to the said Governor and Company, and to the South Sea Company, for receiving the Subscriptions of the Proprietors of the £. 3 per Cent* Annuities, subscribed pursuant to the Ad 120 Georgii 3tU, and paying off the fame; and for Rewards to the Managers and Commissioners of the Lottery, for preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, and for incident Expences attending the said Lottery -

5»346 10 s 3,86----

4*95°-----

5,650-----

6.336 — 91 1,885 4 —

5,000 — — > 13,000 — — 2,400-----

6,99814 3 6,580 — —

5,346 10 5

3,186 — —

4,950 —

5,650 — 6,336 — 9 i 1,885 4 —

5,000 — —

13,000 — — 2,400----

6,998 14 3

6,580 — —

294 3 u

2.000 — —

8,410-----

840-----

4.000 — —

5.000 -

500 — — 1,500-----

42.445 5 5 266,724 3 9

*16,548 3 10 $

7,509 8

39,456 — 10 J

1,838.397 3 6 1,350,000 — — 600,000-----

14,550-----

8,329,982 2 9

294 3 11

2.000 — —

8,410 — — 840 — —

4.000 — —

5.000 -

500-----

7,500 — —

42.445 5 5 266,724 3 9 216,548 3 101

7,509 8 9I

11,090 5 21

>,838,397 3 6 1,350,000 — — 600,000 — —

12,150-----

8,106,716 7 11

28,365 15 8

2,400-----

223,255 15 8

Towards

*<1

cn

13 Geo. III. ai° .

l

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

o

o

eg

rT

7S-,000 L5°o,oooo *1800,000 — V

7So»oooo *36,416 —

55>*92 6 *i

805,398 13 2

*1856,723 10,426 1 ’ 9 2 3

21,710 — —

400,000 - —

20,000 — —

138,090 S 10

36,772 to —

1,863 *3 10

40,000 — —

S.*7 1 11

8,3*8,471 1,510 2 9 *oi 11

8,329,982 2 9i

WAY S and MEANS towards answering the said Services.

By the Malt Doty, continued Anno 1772.

By 3 x. per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

By a Lottery.

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, on 10th October 1771* for Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in Ditto of the Sinking Fund, on 5th January ifjz, for Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in Ditto of the Sinking Fund, on 5th April 1772, for Disposition of Parliament.

Of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Diffofition of Parliament.

Remaining in Ditto, being the Surplus, on the 5th Day of April 1772, of the Deductions of oV. per Lib. out of all. Payments from the Crown.

Out of Money payable by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act, 90 Georgii 3ui. '

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of Savings upon the Grant for Pay of an Augmentation of the Forces for the Year 1771.

Out of Savings in the Sum voted in the Accompt of Extraordinaries for the Forces, in 1770, for Levy Money for the said Augmentation.

Out of Savings upon the Grant for the Difference between British and Irish Pay of the 64th and 65th Regiments of Foot, from the ift of September to the 24th of December 1768.

Out of Savings upon the Grants for Pay of Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines, from the 25th of June 1757 to the 24th of December 1768.

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

1

1 here remains in the Exchequer, of Contributions to the Lottery Of the Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic 1 - - - - .

Of the Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Dif. position of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending*- proteding, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America Which last mentioned Duties were given for £.20,000, but having pro-- duced into the Exchequer, to the 5th of April 1773, no more than the above Sum of £.425. i8x. 4d. there remains to be raised or made

good - - -.....-

To be paid by the East India Company . ....

£ X. d.

1,613 11 7

141 4 2

4*5 18 4

>9*574 1 8

200,000 — —

Deficiency of the Ways and Means to answer the Services....

But if the Sum wanting to complete the above £. 20,000, for defending the Colonies, be added ....

The Deficiency will then be

Memorandum: The-Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz*

For the late Marine Regiments ..... ..

For the late African Company’s Creditors ....

For Georgia Bills, Resid ue of £. 15,496. 19/. id. £

Towards building a Lazaret -

For Compensation to Francis Dalby, for certain Damages sustained by him

C

- -3

on

Presented this.aift Day of 1773, by

W. Sf

*21,754 >5 9

1,510 >9 11

1 8

1 7

£ X. i.

10,506 5 i

900 12 10

57° *7 7f

5,000 "

6,195 8 11

*3»>73 4 6 i

210 jiprilis. 1773*

13 Geo. III.

27 i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Roan’! An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Charity. impower the Feoffees of Roan’s Charity, in Greenwich, to fell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and . Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brett, Mr. Prescott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Horfington Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Pari (h of Horfi, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be. read a Second Time.

Abfeme. Ordered, That Sir James Lowther have Leave to flay in the Country for Two Months, on his private Affairs.

Witham Sir Brownlow Cnfi presented to the House, according ad District to ^rc^er’ a Bill for impowering the Commissioners of the Second District, acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Second. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and prefefving certain " Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides, of " the River Mltham, in the County of Lincoln, and for " restoring the Navigation of the said River, from the " High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the " Borough of Boston, to the Sea," to apply Part of the Money paid into their Hands, by the Commissioners for dividing the Haute Hunt or Hol-

land Fen, to certain Purposes of the said Second District: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Extracts of all Letters, or other Information, received by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, concerning Duties, or Prohibitions, laid on the Importation of British Manufactures into the Dominions of any of the Princes or States of Germany, of Russia, or of Holland, since the Year 1720) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had -Commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. DanielLajcelles reported from the Committee, to HpdfenV whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -

Act fot discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John Hudson, late of Bejfingby, in the County of York, Esquite, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses, was commuted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ‘ to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction 01 the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him. to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

' And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do early the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act _Se<^gb to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School.tree c of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange

certain Lands and Poflessions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Whiter Vavajour, of in the said

County, Esquire, for other Lands in the Parish of Sed-, betgh aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Mr. &y*\g, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Absence. Ordered, That Mr. Milles have Leave to stay in the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ime, Mr, Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to idofure. wjj0m the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds,'within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fouryi the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giveh their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of "the Committee (except the Proprietors of about Acres of Land, and the Proprietors of 16 Common Rights, who objected to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contains 613 Acres or thereabouts; and the whole Num-. berof Common Rights is 140; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where , ‘ the Amendments were Qnge^read throughout; and then

- a $econd Time, One by.xfne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were’ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Btftise The Lard filutehingbrook reported to the House, That Mum&Aojcs (heir Addfefs of Wednesday, the 7th Day of this Instant April (That His Majesty would be graciously pleased

Vol. 34*

The Lord We'nrrian presented to the House, accord- Booknoitoi* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing. And, inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Comfrionable Lands, and Tithes, lying and arising within the Parish and Liberties of Hookuorton and Southrop, in the Parish of Hook-riorton, in the County of Oxford: And the feme waa received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Thpe.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to Groppenhall, whom the Bill for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and; Inc*sure. allotting, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenliall and Latch/erd, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bril, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactioa of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered 'fte Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where die Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; aAd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe* r>raue veral Open Fields^ within the Township ana Parish ladofen.

4 B of

'ly Aprilis. A. 1773.

of Dr ax, in the West Riding of the bounty of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, within the Township and Parish uf tirax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Colonel Saint Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Smith’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vetting the Moiety of the Manor of Rujfels, and the Eton. Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, in Chestlford, otherwise Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr, Charles Smith and Elizabeth his now Wife* late Elizabeth Bishop, Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold, - and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord, Beauchamp, Mr. Pownall, See.: And they, are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wighf* Sir Henry Saint John reported from the Committee, Estate*. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir 'Thomas Miller, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold;. and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed. That the . Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeitf to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hirh to report the Bill to the House, without ’ any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in aft the,

Clerk’s Table. ....

And the said Bill wis read the'Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry John do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Troro.&c., . A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders,^nd Road*, others," of the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,’was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending before this House, for amending the Road leading, from the Borough of Truro, to therown of RedruthJ in the said County, and also several other Roads leading from the said Borough, therein particularly mentioned; and alledging, that the Road leading from the Third Mile Stone, on the Road from Truro to Redruth, to a Place called The Three Burrows, in the Pafifli of Saint Agnes, is in a ruinous Condition, and . cannot be effectUally amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying,' That PVovision may be made in the said Bill,' for amend-', ing the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition b6 referred to the Corisideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as.it shall appear to them, to the House: t

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John Moleff

'worth,&c.: And they are meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine or the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powef to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. "

1. ....

M'Culloch’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in /Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Bar-holm, in the Stevyartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John M'Culloch, now of , as shall be sufficifent

.j

for Payment of the Debts affecting the lame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate, in Tail, on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Eatail> made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Edmonjiohe, See.: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

' General' Rurgoynereported from the Confmlittee, who East India

Were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Affair*. Condition* of the East India Company, and of the Brl-tlfli Affair's in the East Indiei, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Mattets to them referred; and had difefted him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the farrie, together With an Appen* dix thereto, in at the ClerkJs Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

' The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

' The'Lord Palmerston presented to the House, aefor'd- Southampton ing to Order, a Bill for better regulating the Poor, and f°°r’ *c* repairing the Highways, within the Town and County' of the Town of Southampton:And the same Was re*,

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- West mon Fields, and Lands, Common Heath, and Waste Willoughby Grounds, within the Township of Willoughby, in laclofwe. the Manor of Stidbrooke, and Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refdlved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Marsham, Stc.'. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Marftiam presented to the House, according to Rpchesterth Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of M£^f.one Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty- ° second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, ini the Parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First*

Time.' ' .;'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid ‘before this House, an Foreign Account of the Quantity and Values of the several Merchandia* Species of Merchandize, of the Produce of the East or’ . xpone ’ West Indies, or of 'North America, exported from Great"

Britain, to Holland, Germany, and Russia, for 40 Years' preceding January 17^2; distinguishing each Year and1 each Species. ' ' *

Ordered, That the Order, nude upon the 29th Day' Wale*: of March last, for the House^'resolve itself into a Com- Vexation* mitteeof the whole House, Tb-fnorrcnv Morning, upon* SttlU the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majest/s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Do* minion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, be:

pow read. J

" -: ' And

13 Ge6. III. 22°sl^t)

And the said Order being read accordingly j - Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 49th Day of this Inllant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill'.

Middlefac Mr. Speaker signified to the House a Letter from the Election. Sheriffs of Middlesex, that they had summoned Mr. Glynn and Mr. Wilkes for Middlesex.

The Orders of the Day being read;

India Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Affairs. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-Mean*. j„g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 220 die;

Anno 13* Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Montgomery, TV IfR. Williams reported from the Committee, to Ac. 1VA whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Roai* Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, , and Salop; and for

repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was . committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made . several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hiib to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Wuham A Petition of Thomas Wilks, a Commissioner elected

Fen*: by the Parishioners of Brothertoft, for putting in Exe-

*d Distnd. cution fp much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving Certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the " River Witham, in the County of Lincoln j and for re-

" storing and maintaining the Navigation of the said *c River, from the High Bridge, in the City of,

" through the Borough of , to the Sea," as re-

lates to the Second District in the said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioner has signed a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners for the said District to discharge, out of the Surplus Money received by them from the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His. said Majesty’s Reign, for dividing a certain Fen, called the . Vol. 34.

Haute Hntstrei Eight Hundred, or HtdlasCd Fits, 'and cep-tain other Commpnable Places adjoining the reto* in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, all such Sums of Money as had been expended in carrying on Prosecutions against several riotous and ill-disposed Persons, in Defence of the Executions of the iiud Acts of the Seventh and Tenth Years of His said Majesty j and that, at the Time of the Petitioner’s signing thfe laid Petition, he was extremely ill, and not able to read and consider the Contents thereof; but, upop seeing the Names, of Five other. Commissioners affixed thereto, concluded that, should the said Bill pass, it would be of no Detriment to the Interest of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands within thfe said District, and especially of those who elected the Petitioner a Commissioner for the said Parish j but has been since informed, it will be very injurious to the Interest of the said Proprietors and Occupiers, and especially of the said Occupiers:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thfe Table.

A Petition of a Part of the Commissioners for putting Ditto; in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands,

" called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River " Witham, in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring " and maintaining the Navigation of the said River,

" from th a High Bridge, in the City of , through

" the Borough of Boston, to the Sea," as relates to the Second District in the said Act mentioned, and of several other Persons, Proprietors of Lands within the said District, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a' Bill, for authorizing and impowering the Commissioners of the said Second District tQdif-. charge, out of the Surplus Money received from the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty’s Rfeign, for dividing the Haute Huntre . Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, all such Sums of Money as have beenpxpended in carrying on Prosecutions igainst several riotous and ill-disposed Persons, and which Sums are not yet repaid; and to flifpose of the Remainder of such Surplus Money in such Manner as may most effectually contribute to the Purposes of the said District j and that the said Surplus Money so received is, by an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said last mentioned Act, directed to be applied to the several Purposes of the said Second District j and that the Commissioners of the said Second District have lately received from the said Commissioners the Sum oif. 2,500 or upwards, thfe same being, as was alledged, the Amount of the said Surplus Money, which remained in their Hands, after discharging all Expences j and that no Account of the several Sums of Money which have been expended in prosecuting Offenders against the said Acts, has beep delivered to the Commissioners of the said Second District j but that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe the same will amount to the great eft Part of the said Surplus Money so by them received from the said Commissioners; and that the said District Commissioners are impowered, by the said Act of the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, to charge the Low Lands and Fens lying within the said District with such further Yearly Tax as should be judged necessary for tl£ making, cresting, and preserving, any private Works, Banks, Drains, or Engines; and that the said Fen, called the Haute Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, is situate within the said Second District, and that a very large Sum of Money is yearly expended in the making federal different Kinds of Works for the Benefit thereof, and Preservation of such other Works as have been nude; and that the Sum of £ or thereabouts.

jrfto 22* Aprilis.

Hbduts, will this Year be' wanted for that Purpose; mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townftfip and fend that) soon after the Ditifion of the said Fen, Parish of Holme Spalding , in the East Riding those Lands which had been inclosed by the (hid Dtftrift -of the County of York.

Commissioners, and let for the Purpose of defraying, as Ordered, That Mr. db carry the Bill

Wtfl the Tares charged upon the said Holland Fen for to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the interior Works of Drainage, as also all other Tares

payable thereout, were, by Direction of the said Act of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Madhcufej.

the Seventh Year of His Majesty* Reign, fold, and freed Reading of the Bill for regulating Private Madhouses,

from the Payment of such Taxes to the said District be now read. 1

Commissioners i and the same are now borne by the re- And the said Order being read accordingly 5

spective Proprietors of such inclosed Commons, within The said Bill was read a Second Time.

the said Holland Fen, as Wtor* foot! after the passing of Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

the said Act allotted to the different Proprietors thereof, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

by virtue of several Acts of Parliament j and that the of the whole House.

Proprietors of Estates in the said Fert were, as the Peti* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- . tioners apprehend, solely instrutncntal in procuring the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Payment of the said Surplus Money to the said District upon the said Bill.

Commissioners $ and did intend, as the Petitioners conceive, that that Money should be expended in Discharge Resolved, That this House will, upon African

of such interior Works as the said District Commissioners Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Company, might judge necessary to be done within the same; and, whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made if lo applied, will, in all Probability, be sufficient to in the 23d Year of King George the Second, intituled, v defray (he Expences of all Works within the same, as An Act for extending and Improving the Trade to may be necessary for the eftfuing Three Years 5, but that, " Africa," as relates to the Election of Committee Men should the said Surplus Money, or any Part thereof, be for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and of applied for the PuFpOfes mentioned in the Bill now in- other Regulations necessary for canyingon the said Trade.

tended to be brought in, the said Commissioners will be obliged to lay a Tax upon the said Proprietors Lands, Ordered, That Sir Edward have Leave to Absence.

for the Deficiency occasioned thereby; and Which will go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health, deprive the Proprietors of Lands within the said District

of that very1 Benefit to which they were entitled under Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to Stourbridge, the said Act of the 10th Year of His Majesty’s Reign; whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said District and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Roadi* Commissioners ought to be-considerecf as Trustees only, Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the in respect to the said Surplus Money, for the rest of the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge,

Proprietors within the said District, and ought not to be and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of -diverted1 6f ftjch' a considerable Sum, without the Worafter, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, was -Consent of the several Parishes interested therein; and re-committed, That tl^e Committee had made revetal that the Interest of some few Persons, who have been other Amendments to she Bill; which they had directed ’Sufferers by the' Prosecutions mentioned ift the Petition, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in should hbt be made a Pretence for applying the said his Place > and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Surplus Money to-any other Purposes than were direct- Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ed by the said last mentioned Act; and that the greatest Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Part of the Proprietors of Lands witlun the said Parishes Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question have expressed their earnest Desire, that such an Act Severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to may not pass: And therefore praying. That such in- several of them, agreed to by the House.

tended Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may A Clause was offered to be added to the BKl, fequir-be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame. ing Notice to be given of particular Acts to be done Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, by the Trustees. until the Bill for impowering the Commissioners of the And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Second District, acting by Virtue of an Act, made in Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti- be made Part of the Bill.

tuled, " An Act for draining and preserving certain Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of ingrossed.

the River IVitkam, in the County of Lincoln, and for

" restoring the Navigation of the said River, from the The House being informed, That several other Amend- Bread.

High Bridge-, in the City of Lincoln, through the ments are necessary to be made to the Bill for better " Borough of Bofion, to the Sea," to apply Part of the regulating the; Assize and Making of Bread; Ulrich

Money paid into their Hands by the Commissioners Bill was, upon Wednesday the 7th Day of this Irtstant for dividing the Haute Hnntre, Eight Hundred, or Hoi- April, reported from the Committee of the whole House, land Fen, to certain Purposes of the said Second District, to whom the same had been committed.

be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be Resolved’, That the said Bill be re-comfnifted. then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon Resolved, That the said Bill here-committed to a Com-their Petition, if they think fit. mittee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at , That this House will, upon Tomorrow

the feme-Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Sevennight, the 30th Day of this fnstant April, resolve said Petition. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

© further of the said Bill.

Holme, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve-Scc. ral Open Fields; Carrs, fngs, or Meadow Grounds, and A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Rate of Inclosure.. Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the-Township and - That Leave be given to bring in A Bill for explaining Interest. Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her of the County of York, Was read the Third Time. late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to re-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title duce the Rate of Interest, without Prejudice to Par-be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open " liamentary Securities," so far as the same relates Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Com- to Securities on Lands situated out of Great Britain;

» 2 Th$-

13 Geo. III. . $81

The House.divided*

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlmfor theY«^"£*^" } '6'

Tellers for the Noes,j^- } l6'

Sa it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow;. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris^ 2 30 die Aprilis;

1 Anno 13’ Georgii II1"I Regis, 1773.:

Prayers.

Stamford, . "TV yT R. George Bridges reported from the

to Oakham, J.VA Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Scot , otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of , to

Oakham in the County of , and from Oakham,

through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close in the said Lordship of called

Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several, Amend*-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; to the House; and he read, the Report in, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second-Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be g rossed. ,;

Montgomery, An ingrafted Bill for continuing. and enlarging the Terms'and Powers of Two Acts„made in the.Thirty-first Road. Year j^s jate Majesty, and Ninth Year, of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merionetand Salop-, and for

repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . :>- be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s.Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop-, and for repairing

several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill" to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. ’ Ordered, That the Order of the- Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whose.-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to.His Majesty,' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services-incurred, and paid by the Right honourable - Richard Rigby, Pay-mailer General ot His Majesty’s Forces, between the 25th of February 1772 and the 8th of March .1773, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Yol. 34.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.. -

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee-,

That they had come to a' Resolution 1; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be -received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was.directed by the Committee to move, Jhat they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ‘itself into' a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to His Majesty. '

A Petition of Philip Burton, Elias White, Edward Wales: — Kynaston, and Rogers Jortin, Gentlemen, the Attornies, V|x^ou* and of the several* 1 Side Clerks, practising in the Office of Pleas in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to discourage -the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales, and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales-, and setting forth, That the Petitioners and their Predecessors commenced -Suits, in Causes of Action arising within the said Dominion, since the Reign of King Edward the First, and from thence they have enjoyed an established Jurisdiction in Wales-, and, having l’erved regular Clerk ships, arid become Purchasers of their Seats in the Office of Pleas upon the Faith and Credit of such Right, they will be greatly injured by the present Bill; and-that, the Welsh being the only Language spoken, in common, within the Dominion & "-Wales, great Inconveniencies will consequently arise,"in providing'proper Juries -for trying Causes ih-'the English Language; and that the Bill is lb framed, as not to answer the desirable;

Effect thereby meant to be attained, nor conducive to: the Interest of the! People in: general within the said1 Dominion; and the’ same is in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, the Attornies and Side Clerks prac-tifing- within the Office of Pleas: And therefore praying. That they may be-heard, by their Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as will affect the said Office of Pleas. '»....

And a Motion being made, and the Question-being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing fri — voloui and vexatious-Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westim/lcr, in -Causes -of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales,:and for further* regulating the Proceedings' in the Courts of Great- Sessions in Wales, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee* upon their Petition,’ if they think fit ;' ’

It palfed in the Negative.;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. . .: .

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Artificers and La- Dock bourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, be taken Yard*, into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the Third

Day of May next.; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Green’s ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Divorce. House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene,

Clerk, with Elizabeth Greece, his now Wife; and to 4 C enable

‘ '

i8z 230 — 26* A. I7731

enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes nine thousand Seven hundred and Eight Pounds therein mentioned. Twelve Shillings and One Penny One Farthing, be

granted to His Majesty,. towards defraying the extra-Wfcyi and Revived, That this House will, upon Monday ordinary Expences of His Majesty *s Land Forces, and Mean*, fcfoming next, rcf0lve itself into a Committee of the other Services, incurred between the Twenty-fifth Day whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means of , One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. two, and the Eighth Day of March One thousand Seven

hundred and Seventy-three, and not provided for by And then the House adjourned till Monday Parliament.

Morning next. Ten of the Clock. The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by 11. — - — the House.

Lunce, 26* Aprilis;

Anno 13* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

Horfington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Incktfure. nion Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and Parish of Ho in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That tlhe Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Staunton A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Harcourt, aru] Edward Gore, Esquire, Lord, of the Manor of Inclosure Southleigh, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Staunton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford; and setting forth, That certain Lands, belonging to the Parish of,

lie intermixed with those of the Parish of Staunton v court, in such Manner as will render the Division of the latter extremely inconvenient and difficult; and that it would tend to the mutual Advantage of all Parlies, if Power was given to exchange certain Lands belonging to the respective Parishes, and to fix the Boundaries and Limits of the fame: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Gordon’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Gordon, Esquire, with John Norris Fisher, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, ]

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or^ Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Slav* Account of the Number of Slaves exported from the Trtde* Gold Coast of Africa, to His Majesty’s Plantations in America, since the Year 1757, as far as the same Can be made out; distinguisoing each Year.

Resolved, "That an humble Address be presented to African His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Company^ Directions, that the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters, Memorials, or Representations, presented to the Board, complaining of the Conduct of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , ‘ or their Servants; with the Proceedings of the said Lords Commissioners, upon such Complaints, if any such have been made, since the Year 1768.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Rochester A for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three to Maid done Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-feeond Road. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Conyers, See.: And they are to meet this Afterrioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That f Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Forty-6

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Saint unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Trustess appointed under and by virtue of several pav;°g* Acts of Parliament, made and pasted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Bridge, in

the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, of the Eighth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex-, and for other Purposes; and that, by the last mentioned Act, the Petitioners are compellable to pay to the Commissioners the Sum of £. to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by virtue of the said Acts, of the Seventh of his Majesty King George the First, and the Eighth ancj Twenty-ninth of his late Majesty King George the

Second,

i3 Geo. III. 26° A283

Second, the inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the Street, or ltoad, from Saint Giles's to

the Banqueting Bridge, called Oxford have, for

many Years, compounded, and paid Annually several Sums of Money, in lieu of Statute Work, for and towards repairing the said Road or Street; but some of them having refused, since the passing of the last mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to pay their usual Composition Money, the Petitioners are adviled, in case the Payment of the said Sum of £. 500 should be Continued, it will be necessary to have additional Powers given for raising and collecting the said Competition Monies, on the Credit of which so large a Sum of Money was givet) to the Commissioners, under the said Act of the Tenth of His present Majesty, and which Composition Monies have not been duly collected and paid, on Account of some Doubts and Difficulties that have atifen, concerning the Powers given by the aforesaid several Acts, of the Seventh of King George the First, and Eighth and Tenth of His present Majesty, to compel the Payment thereof: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for removing such Doubts and Difficulties, and to settle the

Suantum and Mode of Payment of such Composition onies for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Corn-

wall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hognaften Mr. Glatke reported from the Committee, to whom Indofare, Bill fot dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

' or P-aftures, called Hognaflm , and Old

Field, within the Liberty of Hognafton, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeitt to the Bill, to the Satisfedtion of the Committee (except the Owners of Nine Beastgates, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Beastgates having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 256; and that ho Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

SioDibridge, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and respectively, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,- An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of iVorrefier, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. D do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL.34.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton and Soiitlrop, in the Panfti of in

the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon; acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Pfogress irt the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy thereof is with the Original.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Wilkes be called in* to make good the Matter of his Complaint against Charles Prewett, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Crown, for refusing him the proper Certificate of his Return as one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Middlfek *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw- 1

b,> 124. Mr. Baker t j

Tellers for the Noes, j TheE: } "7’ So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion Was made, and the Question was proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights or the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Eiegibility of Persons to serve in Parliament.

A Member returned upon a new Writ, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration j and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Elegpbility of Persons to serve in Parliament}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: I'*1-

}Mr. Onslow; "i

Mr. Thomas Edwards >201. Freeman:

So it passed in the Negative,

Ordered,

Hooknortton

Inclosurt*

East India Affairs — Committee of Secrecy.

Middlesex

Election.

Rights of Eledors.

284 26° — -27

Baflaid Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the Third Children. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Ballard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " the Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Call of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of

House. the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the' Call of the House be adjourned to this Day Sevennight.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Affairs. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they hid come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow'

Morning.'

Mr. Bacon s\(o acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company. t

The other Orders of the Day being read*; ,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will,- upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon IVdnesday Morn-Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow have Leave to Motion. make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Kingston Ordered, That the Order, made upon the First Day Footpaths, of February last, " That Leave be given to bring in a &c*. " Bill for paving the several Footpaths within the-Town

of Kingston upon Thaptes, in the County of Surrey and " for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets,

" and other public Passages and Places, within the said " Town j and for removing all Annoyances, Nuisances,

" and Incroacjiments, therein; and for inclosing certain Quantities of Waste Land, within the Parish of " Kingston aforesaid; ' and for applying the Profits " arising therefrom for the Purposes of this Act; and " for the better maintaining the Poor of the said Parish;

" and for appropriating the Income and Rents of certain " Trull Estates, in Diminution of the Poor’s Rates " within the said Parish; and for making feme further " Provision for repairing the Highways therein," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Aprilis. 17 7.3-.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brin^ In a Bill for the better lighting and vyatching the Town of Kingston upon ‘Thames, in the County of Surrey-, and for, removing and preventing all Obstructions, Incroachments., and Nuisances, therein: And that Mr.

Sir Francis Vmc.ent, and Mr. Onslow,' do prepare,’ and bring in, the fame.

r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Apr ills;

Anno 130 Georgii III111 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

QRdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be now read.

And the said Order being'read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight. ’ !

A Bill for better regulating the '1 Poor, arid repairing the Highways, within the Toton indCountjrof the Town of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bijl, Recommitted to Lord Pal-merflon, Mr. Stanley, ^c;.: And they; are to m.eet this Afternoon, at Five of, the-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. - . 1 . ’ ;:.j;

An- ingrossed/ Bill for draining and preferying certain Fen-Land^ and -Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the G rear; Level of be Fens, commonly, called f Bedford 'Level, Dfftjveen certain old. Rivers, or-Drains, calfed §toke: River, and and a

certain-Level or District called District,

and the , Hard Lpnds of Woodhall, in Helgay, and

in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was read-the Third Time. r ?

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to th? Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Meeting of the Commissioners for the Two Districts.

And the said Clause; was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by, the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by y/av of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro* posed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 99. 1. 17./. Afster " clear" to insert " and shall " and may make use of such Part ( " of the Turnpike Road, running near "and’ dVer the said Bridge,

1 . ' ' ' "-a^shall be necessary for the Purpose of erecting arid building such *'additional Arch or Arches."

Pr. 1O5. 1. 3. After " Fen" to insert East Fen or North Fen.w -I.5. To leave out " -:

* 1. 8. To'leave out " Flegg.v "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preferying certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called

Bedford

Kingsloti — Lighting and Watching.

Occasional

Voters.

Southampton Poor, 3c c.

South Level, (Hockwold) Drainage.

i3 Geo. III. kf

Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, Or Drains* called Stoke River and Brandon , and a certain Level or District called DiJhtB, and the

Hard Lands of Woodhall.,in HA gay, and in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Afiley do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Croppenhall An ingrossed Bill for fevering, dividing, inclosing* &c- and allotting, divers Parcels of Common or Waste

Jndofure. Grounds, within the Townships of and

Latehford, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allot*-ting, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenhall and Latehford, in the County Palatine of Chaffer.

Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Conciffrence.

Kkb£tchore' Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure t^ie Bill for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sowerby Moor, The Doivfi Moor, The V/hinns, and,

within the Parish of Kir, in the County of West-mar eland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and- found the fame: to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thomas Fawell, who was gone into a remote Part of the Country, and whose Property in the Pound Rate is One Penny Halfpenny, in the Moor Rent Four Pence Halfpenny, and in the Whinn Silver Seven Pence; add that the Whole of the Pound Rate amounts to £.3. 195. 51 d.of the Moor Rent o. is. 8d. and of the Whinn Silver 14 and that no Person

appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thei Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Longmarfton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. an(j Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within, the Parish of Longmarfton, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Longmarfton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Nir. South.vell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hognafton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain oure‘ Commons, or Pastures, called Wynn, and

Hognafton Old Field, within the Liberty of Hognafton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pastures, called Hognafton Wynn, and Hognafton Old Field, within the Liberty of Hognafton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gordon’* to dissolve the Marriage of John Gordon, Esquire, with Divorce. John Norris Ftsher, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Dr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed without any Amendment;

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Stamford from Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Siam- 10 ford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County Road, of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North Turnpike Road near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of in the said

County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Camplin, from Slave the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading. Tra<*c* to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the’Number of Slaves exported from the Gold Coast of Africa, to His Majesty’s Plantations in America, since the Year 1757; distinguistjing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Greene’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with-Elizabeth Greene, his now Wife; and- to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill;. and that no Counlcl or Party appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when1 the House will please to receive the lame.

Oraered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Longitude. Harrifcn, of Red Lyon Square, London, which was present* Mr.harnfoa. ed to the House upon the Second Day of this Instant.

April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in thp 4 D Fifth'

286 270 Aprilis,* 1773.

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, and the Company: That, during the said Term, the " An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual Public should forego all Participation in the Produce " Two Acts, one made in the Twelfth Year of the lteign thereof, until the Company shall have repaid such " of Queen*yf«/«r, intituled, An Act for providing a Sum of Money as shall be advanced by the Public " public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall for the Relief of the Company, and until the Bond " discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the Debt of the Company shall be reduced to One million " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Five hundred thousand Pounds; and that, from " Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an thenceforth, during the Remainder of the said Term, " Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Three-fourth Parts of the Surplus Net Profits of the " late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for pro- Company at Home, above the Sum of Eight Pounds " viding a public Reward for such Person or Persons as per Centum per Annum upon their Capital Stock, should " shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the be paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of the " making Experiments of Proposals made for discover- Public; and the remaining Fourth Part be applied, " ing the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of either in . further reducing the Company’s Bond Debt, " Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act," or for composing a Fund, to be set apart for the might be read. ' Use of the Company, in case of extraordinary Emer-

And the same being read accordingly; gencies.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Longitude at Sea, do lay before this House, Copies That, upon all Teas, which shall be sold at any of the of all the Minutes and Proceedings, had before the said East India Company’s Public Sales, or be imported under Board, relative to any Application made by John Harrison, Licence, after the ioth Day of May 1773, and shall be for the Reward granted for the Discovery of the Longi- exported to any of the British Plantations in America, a tude at Sea. Drawback be allowed, of all the Duties of Customs

Bast India. Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Affairs. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, for effectually relieving the East India Company under their present Difficulties, the Supply of a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Method bed calculated for giving the requisite Relief to the Company, without impairing the Security of their Creditors, and without Detriment to the State of Credit in general, would be, that such Sum of Money should be advanced by the Public to the Company.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum of One million Four hundred thousand Pounds will be sufficient for the present Relief of the Company.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That it may be expedient for the Public, to advance to the Company the said Sum of One million Four hundred thousand Pounds; provided, at the same Time, due Care be taken to secure, by proper Regulations, the future good Government of the Company’s Affairs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in case a Sum of Money shall be advanced by the Public, for the Relief of the East India Company, the Company ought to be restrained from increasing their Dividend beyond Six Pounds per Centum per,

until such Money shall have been repaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in case a Sum of Money shall be advanced by the Public, for the Relief of the East India Company, the Company ought to be restrained from increasing their Dividend beyond Seven Pounds per Centum per until their Bond Debt shall be reduced to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it may be for the mutual Benefit of the Public and the East India Company, that the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in India, should, under proper Restrictions and Regulation?, remain in the Possession of the Company, during aTerm not exceeding Six Years, to commence from the Expiration of the present Agreement between the Public

paid upon the Importation of such Teas.

Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provi’fion be made, for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company, to export Teas to the Plantations in America, or to Foreign Parts; provided that, at the Time of taking out such Teas for Exportation,-there be left remaining in the Company’s Warehouses a Quantity of Tea not less than Ten millions of Pounds Weight; and that, upon all Teas which shall be so exported, a Drawback be allowed, of all the Duties of Customs paid upon the Importation of such Teas, and an Exemption from the Inland Duties charged thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon all Bohea Teas, which shall be purchased at any of the East India Company’s Public Sales after the loth Day of May 17.73, in Lieu of the Deposit of Forty Shillings, payable by the Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, a Deposit be made of Four Pounds, for every Chest of such Bohea Tea.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Three last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Bacon, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Charles James Mr. At-

torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and , Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an C ten' Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of '

King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " the Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

k*

13 Geo. Ill

lSa Apritis. 287

Mercuriiy 28* die Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii IU‘" Regis, 1773* Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. CuddoH and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Skipton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (E. Thanet) to enable the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Canal* net, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near Skipton ,in the County of York, to join to, artd communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to in a Close,

called Hebble End Close, in the Township of Skipton, in the said County of York-,without any Amendment: And also, Beck ford. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

&c. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure. all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot

Ground, within the several Villages or Townships of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and in the

Fhrish of Beckford, and County of Glouctfer, without any Amendment: And also.

Cade* The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, with Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Blackett* The Lords have, passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for kftate. making a Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, and Sir Walter Blackett, Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exeter Mr. Parker reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Wear; and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s. Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are neceftiry to be made to the said Bill;. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put iri Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual Two Acts, for amending several Roads leading to the City of Exeter; and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for more effectually amending fevc-ral Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear; and that the Road leading from Moor Lane, by Sandy Gate, to the Turnpike at the Red Cow, near the Town «f Topsham, is.ruinous and narrow, and cannot be

Vol. 34.

amended and widened by the ordinary Course of £aw; and that, if the Road leading from the Crab Tree Ale* house, on Collumpton Road, was carried through the Town of Broadclift, to Withy Bridge, by the Black Dog, and from thence over Broadclift Heath, to the Crown and Scepter, on the Great London Road, and from Bridge aforesaid, by Pin Pound and Monkerton, through.

Moor Lane, and by Sandy Gate, to the Turnpike at the Red Gow Alehouse, near the Town of Topsham, it would be of great Advantage to the Country, by opening a Communication to the Town of Topsham; and that, by the said Bill, the Road leading from Sandy Gate aforesaid, through Riding Lane, to a Place called the Red Post, on the Topsham Road, is directed to be repaired by the Trustees for the several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and it would be more convenient for the respective Trustees, if the said last mentioned Road was put under the Direction of the Trustees for building the said Bridge at Countess Wear, and the said first* mentioned Roads, leading directly to the Town of Top*

sham, were put under the Trustees for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Exeter: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Yonge, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cade* to difiblve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, with Divorce. Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Aftley

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Abbott*. Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Alton, . Morvill, Barrow, Much Wenlock, and AJUeyAbbotts, in the ° e‘ County of Salop, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons, whose Property in the said Waste Lands is rated to the LandTaxat £.27.13J. $d. or thereabouts; and that the whole Property of Persons, having Right of Common in the Lands intended to be inclosed, is rated to the Land Tax at £.203. 6s. iod.±, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and John White, Gentleman, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, upon the Third Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Alton, Morvill, Barrow,

Muck Wenlock, and Aftley Abbottin the County of Salop, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered,

.African

Trade.

Ditto.

Kirbythore

Inclosure.

Bastard

Children.

Blackett’s Eft ate.

Paper Bills of Cred.t. (America.)

388 28° April177 3 -

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr.Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters, Memorials, or Representations, presented to the Board, complaining of the Conduct of the Committee of the Company of-Merchants trading to Africa, or their Servants; with the Proceedings of the said Ldrds Commissioners upon such Complaints, if any such have- been made, since the year 1768) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa,"1 3$ relates to the Election of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and of other Regulations necessary for carrying on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; >

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Moor, The Down Moor, The and Close,

within the Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of West-moreland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sowerby Moor, The Down Moor, The Whims, and Parson’s Close, within the Parish of Kirbythore, in the County of morelmd.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their.Concurrence. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Destroying and " Murdering of Bastard Children," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Concealment of the Deaths of Bastard Children; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Destroying and Murdering of Bastard Children."

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Estates in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of ,between

Sit Edward Blackett, Baronet, and Sir Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them* was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was n\oyCd, That an Act, made in the FouftlvY ear of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

" to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued " in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in " America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in " Payment oPMoney; and to prevent the legal Tender " of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and " sinking the lame,’* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. coyne and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the Relief of Priforters charged with Felony, or any other Crime, Who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Folkeftene, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable-the Governors of the Free Grammaf School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in

the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange certain Lands and Possessions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Walter Vavafour, of Weston, in the said County, Esquire, for other Lands in the Parish of Sedbergh aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'Thai the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

: Mr. Dickinfoti, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, With Elizabeth Gfr&ene, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. I. 16 f and<

l. 18, r i9>) and I 20. (.

Pr. 3. 1. 30.

1. 32.

1- 34-

1. 39.

Pr. 4. 1. 1.

-1, 2.

Leave out " since the said Month of " August 1771."

Leave out, " hath never had any Intercourses, Converlation, or Correspondence, with his said Wife, " and.’'

Leave out " since," and insert " after" instead thereof.

Leave out " to have, or hath been," and insert " there shall be" in* Head thereof.

Leave out " if any such there be."

Leave out " since," and insert, " after" instead thereof.

Leave out " Two," and insert " Three" instead thereof.

3

Acquired

Prisoncrt,

Sedbergh Free School*

Greent’s

Divorce.

Africa:

upon

Exp

:po ns.

Stock- jobbing.

Smith’s

Marriage

Settlement

Mates.

African

Company.

Vexatious Removals of Poor.

Linen T fade, &c.

13 Geo. III. 28° — 2p° Aprilis. 289

1. 2. Leave out hereafter," "and after " (hall" insert " thereafter."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports between Great Britain and the Coast of Africafrom Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1772; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Prescott pcefented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Pownall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of , and the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, in Chestlford, otherwise Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smitji, and Elizabeth his now Wife, late -beth Bishop, Spinster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like.Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him. to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pozvnall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Camplin, Secretary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to\ Africa, do, upon this Day Sevennight, the 5th Day of May next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the; Twenty-third Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa," as relates to the Election of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and of other Regulations necessary for carrying on the said Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Jones do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.'Samuel Smith do attend the said Committee, at the same Time,

Ordered, That Leave be given to < bring in a Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor: And that Mr. Graves, Sir John Turner, Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Savile, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Hanmer, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir. John Molesworth, and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring

in, the-lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Linens printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, and exported thereout, with the Drawbacks paid thereqn i distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and vihat to other.Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772.

Vol. 34, . ... ' .

- /

; Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee; to pre(-<.rvation whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in of Game, the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game, within that Part of Great Britain called " England," was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question 'several !y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to distrain for the Penalty in another County, from that where the Offence is committed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Bafhrd Order, a Bill for better regulating the Settlement, and Children, providing for the Maintenance, of Bastard Children:.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to CQBfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Ways and

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis92 90 d;

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

RAYERS.

SIR George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Exeter whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to Roads, Ac. put in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual Two Acts, for amending several Roads leading to the City of Exeter; and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Short, Esquire, being examined, said,. That the Road , from Moor Lane, by Sandy Gate, to the Turnpike at the Red Cow, near the Town of Topfltam, is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened, in a proper Manner, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

And both the Witnesses informed your Committee,

That if the Road leading from the Crab Tree Alehouse,

4 E - on

s

2^0 290 Apr 773.

on the Collumpton Road, was carried through the Town of Broadclijl to Withy , by the Black Dog, arid from thence, over Broad Heath, to the Crown and Scepter, on the Great London Road, and from Withy Bridge aforesaid, by Pin Pound and through

Moor Lane, and by Sandy Gate, directly to the Turnpike at the Red Cow Alehoute, ndar the Town of , it

would be of great Advantage to the Country, by opening a complete Communication to the Port of Topsham.

And also, that if; the Road from the Turning, neat1 Sandy Gate, through Riding to the Red on

the Topsham Road, Were put under the Direction of the Trustees for building a Bridge at Comtejs and the Roads leading directly to the Town of Topsham were put under the Direction, of the Trustees for repairing -the Roads leading from the City of Exeter, it would be more convenient for both the said Trusts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee* to whom the Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of; and for re-

building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious } and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countejs Wear-, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Moor Lane, by Sandy Gate to the Turnpike at the Red Cow, near the Town of Topsham, and also the Road from the Crab Tree Alehouse, on the Collumpton Road'," through the Town of Broadclijl, to Withy Bridge, by the Black Dog, and from thence, over Broadclijl Heath, to the Crowu and Scepter on the Great London Road, and from Withy Bridge aforesaid, by Pin Pound and Monkerton, through Moor Lane, and by Sandy Gate, directly to the Turnpike at the Red CozO Alehouse, near the Town of Topsham.

Kingston Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to-Lighting,&c. Order, a Bill for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Incroachments, and Nuisances therein s And the same was received; -and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Roan’s Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to Whom the Charity ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to im-state* power the Feoffees of Roan's Charity, in Greenwich, to fell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House.; and he read the Report in his Plaee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 7,1. 15. Leave out " and Churchwardens."

Pr. 9,1. 23. After " thereof" insert " thall from Time to Time be received and " paid, and disposed of according*

" ly, and"

Pr. 10, 1. 46. Leave out " said."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sheafty for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inc, ofure-and Common Pastures, of Skeajby, in the Parish of Knap-

iojt, and County of Leicester ;. without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Helpringham for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields', Incioiure* Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Helpringham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do make the Report from Culgaithe the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- *>closure. doling the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland, was committed.

Mr. Fletcher accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (dxcept Three Persons,- who pay to the Purvey Rate Three Pence; and also except Two Persons, who could not be met with, who pay to the Purvey Rate One Penny Farthing, and One Eighth Part of a Farthing; and that the Total of the Purvey Rate amounts to Eight Shillings and Three Pence and One Eighth Part of a Farthing; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen Wa]K. and Clergy, of the County of Anglesey, was presented to Vexatious the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to Guitj. discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales; and Setting forth.

That, by the perpetual Statute of Incorporation of England and Wales, of the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, the Dominion of Wales was for ever to continue to be united, incorporated, and annexed to the Kingdom of England-, and the Inhabitants of Wales to enjoy all the Freedoms, Liberties, Rights, Privileges* and Laws, which the People of England enjoyed; whereby the Liberty and Privilege of commencing Actions in the Courts at Westminster, for Causes arising within the said Dominion, was confirmed to th&n; and that, the Courts at Westminster having Four Terms in the Year for the transading of Business, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales only Two, of Five Days each, the Inhabitants of Wales prefer the Courts at Westminster to those of the Great Sessions, for the better and speedier Recovery of their Demands, more especially in Cafes of Special Pleading; and as the Costs of prosecuting Actions.in the Courts at Westminster do not exceed those of the Great Sessions, the Inhabitants of Wales ought not to be restrained from commencing Actions in the Courts at Westminster, but that the English Circuits ought rather to be extended to Wales, so that the Inhabitants thereof may fully enjoy the Liberties and Privileges intended by the said Act -, and that, the Welsh being the only Language ljpoken in common within the Dominion of Wales, great Inconveniencies will arise, in providing proper Juries for trying Causes in the Enrlish j Language;

by

Array Offices: London, See

Alehouse

Licences.

Rate of IntereiL

13 Geo. III. K^ Jprilis.;

291

Language; nor are there sufficieiit, or impartial aft<f competent, Juries to be had infome of the'Counties; and with respect to the'bringing frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Courts at Westminster, the Defendants may have the Proceedings stayed^by a Motion in those Courts, Of, by paying" a: proper Sum' for "the Debt or Damages into Court, nohfuit the Plaintiff^and thereby prevent the Necessity of any’extraordinary Expences of the Attendance of Witnesses; and that the present Bill is of such a Nature, that it will infringe upon the ancient and approved Mode of Proceedings; and that the Laws already framed were justiy calculated' for the Benefit of the Principality, and intended-to-fee a further Cement of Friendship and Unanimity'bfetWeeh the English and Welsh; and the Petitioners hope the-

House will make no Alteration'in the ptefeiit Laws;-that may affect them: And therefore' praying the House' to take the Premises into Corisideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie-upon the' Table.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee* who were

appointed to enquire into the Manner of conducting the several Afifay Offices' in Lon, Turk, ,- Brifidl,

Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon , and the Manner in which- Wrought Plate is assayed and marked;’ and also into the Frauds and Abuses that have been committed, and attempted to be committed, by the Manufacturers or Venders of Gold and' Silver- Plate, and Plated Work; and who were to examine and report the fame, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had considered the Petition' of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto-subscribed, being Goldfiftiths* Silversmiths, or Plate Workers, of the City ol Lendon, and Places adjacent; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Matters, as they appeared to them, together with their Observations thereupon* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. >;

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. r "

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace, or Persons* acting as such, within every County,-Riding, Liberty/ and Town Corporate, in: that Part of Great Britain called England, do forthwith return to the Clerk of this House, the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons, to whom Licences have been granted to' keep Alehouses and Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, by Retail, within their respective Limits, for the present Year.

f‘ brought-'into the House, until the Propbfition Thall v: have been fifft: considered in a Committee k>f the whole House, and agreed unto by the House,* might be read. '' ":

And th£ feme was read accordingly. '

The House was also mdved, that1 the Entry'in the Votes of the 7th Day of this Instant April, of a Motion " That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for obviating " ’"Doubts, touching Securities, executed in Great - taih;'of or concerning' Estates in His Majesty's " Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies," with the Proceedings of tlre’House thereupon, might be read.'. And the same were read accordingly. L

Then the Question being put. That the Bill for explaining atfAtft, passed fri the Twelfth" Year of the Reign ofheHate Majesty QufefcnAnne, intituled-,: " An Act " to reduce the Rate of Interest, without Prejudice to " Parliamentary Securities," so far as relates to Securities on Larids situated Out of Great Britain, be now read the FirllTime;" J:"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^;

fSir Harb 1

Tellers for the NcesyrMr.-'Alderman Saw^ V70. I br\

So it pafjfed in tlje Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the First Trtne upon this Day Four Months.

t!O^W.I,rk

A Bill to constitute a Public Fund, upon which Charitable Donations to Charitable and other good Uses in Mort- Donation* main may be inverted; and to irapower all Bodies Politic fund’ and Corporate, and Trustees of Charities, to invert the feme; ajjd to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the ‘ Lands, TCheipents, and 'Hereditaments, in Trust, for charitable Uses; if they think fit; and to invert the Produce in the Purchase of feme of the Government transferable Securities, at Three' per Cent, per Annum, in prder that the same may be annihilated, and, in'Lieu thereof, an Annuity out of the said Public Fund may be paid,1 and applied to the fanie charitable t/fes to which the Lands,. Tenements, firtd Hereditaments, are appro1 priated, 'was read a SecOttd Time. '

Resolvetd* That the Bill be committed.

'Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Cotn-miftee of the Whole House.

Refofved. That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into silk further Consideration the Report, which was made from Manufacture, the.Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Manufacturers arid others employed in the Silk Manufacture, was referred, be; now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken, into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities,1’ so far as the same relates to Securities on Lands situated out of Great Britain: And the same was received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The House was moved, that the Standing Order of the House, made upon the 9th Day of April in the last Session of Parliament, " That no Bill relating to Trade, " or the Alteration of the Laws concerning Trade, be

Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wales: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vexatious upon the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing Suus* frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at' Westmiufier, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales \ and for further regulating the Proceedings in the "Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The

﻿Private

Madhouses.

Leave for Motion.

Bastard ' Children.

Roan’s

Charity,

Greenwich.

Account: Foreign Linens exported.

McCulloch’s Barholm E dates.

29 a

2 90 — 30° Apritis.

A.1773*

’ The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating Private Madhouses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prescott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prescott reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. - , >

Ordered, That the Report be recaved upo Morning next. , . u;. ;-~

4 .’' 1: j . *

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth hfve Ifeave to make a-Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the Bill for better regulating the Settlement, and providing for the Maintenance, of Ballard Children, be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3 o° die Aprilis;

Anno 130 Georgii III*15 Regis, 1773.

\ * ' x

Prayers.

AN ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Feoffees of Porn’s Charity, in Greenwich, to fell a Messuage, and Two, Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the laid Charity, to the Vicar.of the.laid Parish; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of, other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. " *

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them/that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments, to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of tfoeir. Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Foreign Linens, printed, painted, or llained, in Great Britain, which have been exported; distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and what to other Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772.

The Lord Advocate of Sco reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Couft of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Barholm, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John MlGulloch, now of Barholm, as mail be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail of the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

that the Committee had directed'him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in; a^, the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read tfej Third Time.

Resolved, That the. Bill do pase..,.

Ordered, thejC-Qrd Advocate,<?f Scotland do carry, the Bill-to the EQfd?l?., and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed tq the fame, without any Amendment.'.. ,:

, Mr. Bofcawen . reported from' the Committee, to whom the.Petition^.several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and, others, of the County of Cornwall, whose Names ar§:thereunto subscribed, was.referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter, of the said Petition; and had :directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House<; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That the Road leading from the Third Mile Stone, on the Road from Truro to Redruth,- to a Place called the Three Burrows, in the Parish of Kenewyn, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

And it.would be of great Advantage to Persons travelling the said Road, if the same were properly repaired.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twenty-seventh and ’’twentynihth Years,.of King George the Second, for amending and altering several Roads leading from the Borough of, Truro; and also for amending and widening the Road from the lower Part of Coinage Hall Street, to a Place, called' The Steppings> in the said Borough, and ftom thence to Mopas, and from, the Turnpike Road at Short Latte’s Eitd to the great Road leading (romPerran

Alms House to . The. Four Burrorbs, in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River at. The Steppings aforesakt, is committed. That' they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending1 the Road leading from the Third Mile Stone, on the Road from Truro to Redruth, to a Place called The Three Burrows, in the Parish of KenWyn, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rfcfolve itself into.a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales, and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of Meredith Price, Esquire, Clerk of the Assizes and Clerk of the Crown of and in the Oxford Circuit, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Philip Burton, Elias White, Edward Kytiaflon, and Rogers Jortin, Gentlemen, the Attornies, and of the several Side Clerks, praClifing in the Office of Pleas in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, and Clergy, of the County of Angle-sea, be referred to the said Committee.

Thfen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.; ....

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Roger Mojlyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed, the Chair.

Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, That

- they

' 4

Truro, &c. Roads, and Bridge,

Wales:

Vexatious

Suits,

t

Longitude at Seat.

Sad India Company — Tea.

Exeter,

&c.

Roadi.

Truro,

See.

Roads.

13 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis.

293

they had gone through the Bill, and made' several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Several Papers, containing Copies of all the Minutes and Proceedings had before the Commissioners for Discovery of Longitude at Sea, relative to any Application made by John Harrison, for the Reward granted for the

Discovery of Longitude at Sea.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in; to in-

crease the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company’s Sales ;and to empower the Commissioners of the Treal'ury to grant Licences to the East India Company, to export Tea Duty-free: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Wear-, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments- were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Borough of Penryn, and Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, and of other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of King George the Second, for amending and altering several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro; and also for amending and widening the Road from the lower Part of Coinage Hall Street, to a Place called The Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thence to Mopas; and from the Turnpike Road, at Short Lane's End, to the great Road leading from Perr an Alms House, to the Four Burrows, in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River at The Steppings aforesaid; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be in many Particulars injurious to them, and also to many other Persons who may have Occasion to use the said Roads: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Vol. 34.

Consideration of the Committed* to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard* by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the ftlid Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act. Hognaflon, for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pastures, &c. called Hognaston IVynn, and Hognqfton Oldfield, within the Incl°fure.

Liberty of Hognaston, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Longmarfton for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Longmarfton, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Little Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor* Parish, and Liberties, of LittleStukeley, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Spelman’s Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spelman, Clerk, in E^te-the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do transmit a Copy of the Order made Yesterday, " That the Clerks " of the Peace, or Persons acting as such, within every " County,- Riding, City, Liberty, and Town Corporate, in that Part of Great Britain called England, do " forthwith return to the Clerk of this House the " Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons " to whom Licences have been granted, to keep Ale-houses and Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, " and other Liquors, by Retail, within their respective " Limits, for the present Year," to the Sheriffs of the several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that the said Sheriffs do forthwith fend Copies of the said Order to the Clerks of the Peace, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, within their respective Counties.

Alehouse,

tec.

Licence*.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday ne<t, ®read* at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^Iean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

V >

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

4F

294

Luna, 30 die Mali;

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Prater s.

Exeter, A N ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending fe-c. x\- veral Roads leading from the City of Exeter and

Aoads. for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or' near Countess fVear; and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for re* building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greene’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Blackett’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for making a Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, and Sir Walter Blalkett, Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 'Thomas Clavering, Mr. Congreve, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

30 Mail. A. 1773.

movals of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spelman, Clerk, in the County of Norfolk, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Artificers and Labourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Colonel Harcourt reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Nuneham, and Edward Gore, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Southleigh, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Lad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except William Minn, who is possessed of 105 computed Acres and Three Quarters, Six-Horse Commons, and Twenty-two Cow Commons; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consist of 20381 computed Acres, 138 Horse Commons, and 499 Cow Commons) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wade A Bill for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Commons, Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, &c* and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Sutton, Sir William Dolben,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Aflley The House was moved, that the Order made upon Abbott*, Wednesday lalf, for the Third Reading of the Bill for Inclosure dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Alton, Morvill, Barrow, MucliWenlock, and AJlley Abbotts, in the County of Salop, upon Wednesday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Tthe*! Mr. Graves presented to the House, according to

Poo* Order, a Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Re-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Nicholas Linwood, Esquire, deceased.

Sir Roger Mojlyn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Setfions in Wales, was commited, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to make Compensation to Mr. Meredith Price, Clerk, of the Assize of the Oxford Circuit, for Loss of Fees.

And

Spelman’a

Ellate.

Artificers in the Dock Yards*

Stanton

Harcourt

Inclosure,

Aldboroueh

Writ.

Wales:

Vexatious

Suits.

i3 Geo. III. 3 0 Mal295

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Galey Mr. Curzott reported from the Committee, to whom

laclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Galey , lying

within the Manor or Lordship of , in the County of Stafford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 10 Acres and an Half of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Owner of a 25th Share of the Manor or Lordship of Galey, who is Abroad; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed contains 600 Acres, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aftley A Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and others,

Abbouj, whose Names are thereunto set, was presented to the

Inckfare. House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Aston, Morvill, Barrow, Much Wenlock, and Aftley , in the County of Salop; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised of several Freehold Estates, in the Manor and Parish of Aftley Abbotts, of the Yearly Value of £. 392, or thereabouts, and, in Right thereof, are entitled to a proportionable Part of c,00 Acres of the Commons and Waste Lands, in the said Manor and Parish of Aftley Abbotts, and in the said Parish of Morvill, formerly allotted to the Freeholders and Owners of Lands in the said Manor and Parish, entitled to Common there, exclusive of the Right of Common in a large Trait of Wood Land, in the said Parish of Aftley Abbotts, called Weavers Coppice, which contains 100 Acres, or thereabouts; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be very. prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, and that they may have such Relief therein as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bast India A Bill to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs Tea5 — on ^ie Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America; to encrease the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company to export 'lea Duty-free, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

V01. 34.

The House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill to explain, Hl£"ways* amend, and reduce into One Ait of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Line* Trade, Devonshire Kersey, and Plain Cloth, was presented to &c* the House, and read; Setting forth. That their Manufactory is greatly reduced; and that consequently the Consumption of Wool, the Growth of this Kingdom, is proportionably lessened, to the great Injury of the Farmer and Landholder; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the great Decay of this Branch of the Staple of England, is materially injured by the great Consumption of Russia Drabs, and other Low Foreign Linens, which is well known to be substituted by Numbers of the lower Class of People, in lieu of the Woollen and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying; That such an additional Duty may be laid on Low Foreign Linens, as will prevent the ill Corifequences of farther lessening and reducing both the Woollen and Linen Manufactory of England, or in such other Way as the House shall see fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ealand Acts, passed in the 14th and 26th Years of his late toLeed* Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Ealand to Road* the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better lighting and watching the Kingston-Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of , and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, 2 Ct Encroachments, and Nuisances, therein-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. On-Jlow, Sir Francis Vincent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants East India of England, trading to the East Indies, was presented Company — to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- *-oan-titioners observe, with the greatest Concern, That some of themost material Articles of the Propositions, which they presented to the House on the Second Day of March last, are substantially rejeited, by the Resolutions of this House on the 27th of last Month; and the Petitioners conceive, that, after the Loan which they presumed to request from Parliament (not less for the Credit of the Public than their own) shall shall be fully discharged, it seems unreasonable to require any further Terms on Account of the said Loan; and that the Limitation of the Company’s Dividend to Seven per Cent, after the Discharge of the said Loan, until their Bond Debt shall be reduced to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, appears to the'

Petitioners to be a Limitation not founded upon any just Calculation of the Company’s Commercial Profits;

nor

Call of the House.

096 30 Mail. A. 1773.

nor can it with Reason be alledged, that it is necessary, either to their Credit, or that of the Public, that they should be so restrained, as the additional Dividend of One per Cent, contained in the Company’s Propositions, though an ObjeCV of considerable Con* sequence to the Proprietors, could be no material Delay to the Reduction of their Bond Debt; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that the Hardship of this Limitation is exceedingly aggravated by a Consideration of the great Losses which they, as Proprietors, have sustained, and the Expences they have incurred* in acquiring and securing the Territorial Revenues in India, at the Rilk of their whole Capital, while the Public have reaped such great Advantages; more especially as they received repeated Assurances from their late Chairman, that the Intentions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer were totally different in this Respect; upon the Faith of these Assurances, the Proposals which have been made th^ Ground of the said restrictive Resolutions were offered by the Company to Parliament; Restrictions which they cannot but consider as peculiarly hard upon Men who have already suffered so much; and representing to the House, that the Resolution, limiting the Company to a Term not exceeding Six Years, for the Possession of their Territories in India, appears to be altogether arbitrary, as it may be construed into a conclusive Decision against the Company, respecting those Territorial Pof-sessions to which they infill they have an undoubted Right; a Right against which no Decision exists, nor any formal Claim has ever been made; and that the Petitioners cannot acquiesce in the Resolution, whereby Three Fourth Parts of the Surplus Nett Profits of the Company at Home above the Sum of Eight per Cent, per Annum upon their Capital Stock, should be paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, and the remaining Fourth Part be applied, either in further reducing the Company’s Bond Debt, or for composing a Fund, to be set apart for the Use of the Company in case of extraordinary Emergencies; because such Disposal of their Property, otherwise than by their own Consent, by a general Description, comprehending their Trade as well as Revenues, does not appear warranted, even by the largest Pretensions that have ever been formed against them; and that when the Petitioners offered a Participation in a different Proportion of the said Surplus, it was in a full Assurance that they might freely enjoy the Remainder; and that the Limitation prescribed by the said Resolution, respecting the Application of the One Fourth Part allotted them in such Participation, after Payment of all their simple Contract Debts, and after reducing their Bond Debt to the Point of Credit which the House has fixed, appears to the Petitioners to be so subversive of all their Rights and Privileges, by denying them the Disposal of their own Property, after all their Creditors shall be fully secured according to Law, that, rather than submit to such Conditions (as proceeding from their own Consent expressed or implied) they declare to the House their Desire, that any Claims against the Possessions of the Company, that can be supposed to give Rife to such Restrictions, may receive a legal Decision; from which whatever may be the Event, they will at least have tire Satisfaction of knowing what they may call their own-: And therefore praying the House will not annex such Terms to- the Loan proposed by the East India Company, as will tend to weaken the good Faith and Confidence which the Subjects of this Country ought ever to have in the Justice of the Legislature.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be now read.

And the said Order being Yead accordingly;

1

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevenniglrt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the Eafi- India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bacon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, take into Consideration the Report, which upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; together with the Reports, made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs.in the East Indies, upon the 8th and 21st Days of April last; and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company, and for that Purpose to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and EffeCls, of the Company; as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs j together with their Observations thereupon.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. William Burke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That W. Devaynes, Esquire, do, upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 23d Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa," as relates to the Election of Committee Men for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and of other Regulations necessary for carrying on the said Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Stubbs do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

East India Affairs.

Ditto — Select Committee.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Leave for Motion:

African

Company.

i3 Geo. III. 4

Martis, 4.0 dV. A/#;'/;

Anno 13° Georgii III'1' Regis, 1773*

Prayers.'

CustomHouse rf H Is House being ji, A rmed, that Mr. Tomkyttf, Accounts: from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to ths House, pursuant to their Orders,

Linen Trade. , An Account of the total Quantit ies of Foreign Linens exported from England, from 1751 to

mas 1771, converted into Yaids, with the Amount of the Duties drawn back; distinguishing the Quantities and Drawbacks of each Year: And also.

Ditto. An Account of the totahQuantities of Foreign Linens imported into England, from Chrifitnas 1.751 to 1771, converted into BritYards, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing the Quantities and Duties of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the salt! Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bread. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoiufe, to consider further of the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogkton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the farrie.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Henry' Hoghlbn accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bankers. A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons following the Business of Banking only, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being sensible of the present critical State of Credit in this Country, and that the same in Come Degree depends upon securing the Payment of Money intruded with those who are concerned in the Banking Houses, they are therefore willing and delirous that their Real Estates shall be liable to the Debts contracted in their Banking Business, under such Provisions and Restrictions as the House shall think reasonable; and that the Petitioners submit, that it may be expedient that some further Punishment, than is now directed by Law, should be infiidted upon Clerks to Bankers, who shall embezzle the Money or Effects of their Employers; and likewise to make such further Regulations in their Business as to the House shall teem meet: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall deem proper,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: A°d that the Lord North, Mr. Joseph Mr. Richard Walpole,

Mr. Child, Mr. Clive, Mr. Dyson, Mr. , Mr.

VbL. 34,

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Prescott, and Mr. Richard Fuller, do pfepare, and bring in, the fame. > ' 1

A Petition of the Cabinet'Makers of! London, 'was Cabinet presented to the Housej- apd r<pad; Setting forth) That Makers, the Petitioners, in the last Session of Parliament,' presented a Petition to the Hpttfe> complaining of the great Decay in their Trade, and the Hardfhlps they laboured under, from the Importation of Foreign 1 louiehoid Furniture j and that, notwithstanding large Quantities of Foreign Furniture were seized during the last Summer, the Petitioners have beheld the Intentions 6f Administration in their Favour almost defeated, and the Importers of the said Furniture’with Impunity-trampling on the native Rights of British) Subjects, by perverting the sacred Residence of a Minister into a. Receptacle for smuggled Merchandize; and that even Am- ,

bafladors are not untainted with this perniciousPradtict, the most distinguished of whom generally make tile of: - *

that unlimited Privilege which is allowed-them,'tpfur-nish themselves and their Friends with Foreign Furniture, on their. Return from their Embalfies j and the Petitioners have likewise Reason to imagine, that Packages of Foreign Furniture are frequently brought into the Port of London, and charged much below the Duties legally payable for the fame, for Want of a. fufS®ent exa<ft Examination of them; from which Causes, the Petitioners apprehend, has arisen that total Stagnation of Trade with which they are afflicted; ^nd that Numbers of Artificers in the various Branches of Househcjd Furniture have long been, and Hill are, entirely out of Employment; and therefore hope the House will, pay Attention to their distressful Situation, and appoint ,a Committee to enquire into the great Decay of their Trade, from which they hope such a salutary Redress as to the House may seem bell.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Tovonjliend, Junior,

Mr. Mack-worth, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to .,

have Voices.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the East India Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Company'* to take into further Consideration the Affairs of tire Affa‘r3' East India Company, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at-the Clerk’s Table.: Where the same was read; and is as foY Joweth; viz. . 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the )zajl India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe: And that Mr. Bacon, the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Townshend,

Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to East Indi^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Compjny — . upon the Bill to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America-, to increase the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to empower the Commissioners of the

4 G Treasury

Forth and Clydt Navigation,

Montgomery

See.

Roads.

Cox’s

Museum.

Hampton to Staines Road.

Feterflum

Roads.

Preston

(York)

Inclosure.

Roan’s

Charity

Estate.

Child’s

Ellate.

4° Mail. 1773.

Treasury so grant Licences to the India Company, to export Tea Duty-free, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly I The House refolded itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr, Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lotds, by Mr. and Mr,

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth, Or River, of , at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth, or River, of Clyde, at or near a Place called Da/muir Burnfoot, in the County of Dum-

barton, and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Bor-towftoutmefs, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place Where it will fall into the Firth of Forth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned 3 without any Amendment: And'also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling James Cox, jeweller, to diipole of his Museum, commonly called Cox's Museum, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Poji, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbitry Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of without any

Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, lighting, and watching, the Highways, or Roads, within the Town, Village, or Chapelry, of Petersham, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Feoffees of Bonn's Charity, in Greenwich, to fell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Pari 111 , and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Smith , Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon and aftefting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Heron’s the Division, Allotment, and Appropriation, of several Eaatw. Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron, Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life under different Settlements, or wherennto he is entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed A Bill, intituled, An Act for Turn*’* vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was motfed. That the several Tapers Con- Longitude taining Copies of all the Minutes and Proceedings had at before the Commissioners for Discovery of Longitude at*

Sea, relative to any Application made by John Harrifoni, for the Reward granted for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, which were presented to the House, upon Friday last, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person " or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Occasion4 Reading of the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Voteft* Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said BUI be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Prescott, according to Order, reported from the Private Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Madhouses. regulating private Madhouses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,-in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett have Leave to make a Mo- Leave foe tion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock. Motion.

And 'he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cide’* to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, with Divorcee Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 13th Day of this Instant May, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-

ndi’cs.

Stanton

Harcourt

Inclosarc.

Yaxley

Ioclofare.

Greene* s Divorce;

Wales:

Vexatious

Suits.

Turner’s

Estates.

Tryfull

Inclosure,

13 Geo. III. 4" — 50 'Ma299

nesses, for the said Bill; and alto that they do- hear in the Parish of Trefoil, in the: Cfounty of Stafford, was Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if committed, That the Committee had examined the‘Al-J the Parties concerned think fit to be heard byCounfel, legations of the Bill, ard found the same to be true; and or produce Witnesses. that the Parties concerned had given" their Content

- - ' ’ thre1 Bill,‘to the Satisfaction of the Comriiittee (except.

And then the House adjourned till To-tflofrow the Owners of Estates within the Parish of

Morning, Ten of the Clock. ate computed to be of the Annual Value of 40, of

' ' - " Ifheteabouts, "several of whom could not be met with 1

' " " ' - 'l 1 ’r l; arid' that the’ whole Estates within-the ferd Pari lb are

-- Computed to be Sf the Annual Value of £.1,136; and

Mercufii, ty die M.at I } that no Person appeared before the Committee to dp'-

pftfetheBUl) and that the Cosrimittee had gone through Anno 13* Georgli IIP1* Regis, 177^ - the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto

which they had directed him to report to the House; and PraVexs. 1 he food the' Report in' his Place; and afterwards delivered,

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, dllotting* aftd Hi* the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s closing, the Common Fields, Common Mea* Table -.Where the Amendments were Once read through-dows, and other Commonable Lands, irt the Manor; out; and then a Second Time, One by One >. and.'Vpon and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Ox- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

ford, was read the Third Time* by the House ? And several Amendments were made*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass f And that the Title by the House, to the Bill, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosirtg, the Or, That the Bill, with the ’Amendments, bet Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- ingrossed.

monable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton 1

Harcourt, in the County of Oxford. Sir Cecil reported front the Committee; to whom Haltham,

Ordered, That Sit George OJbork do carry the Bill to the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and In*'iure the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common1

Failures, and other Commonable Lands, within the'

An ingrossid Bill for the mote efffetftual draining and Manors of Haltham cum in the Townships of

preferring Certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln, was the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Al.-read the Third Time, legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Resolved, That the Bill do pase t And that the Title and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent be, An Act for the more effectual draining and pro- to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except serving certain Feh Lands and LoW Grounds, in the Mr. John Hutthinfon, who did not chuse to lien the Bill,

Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon* but said he would not oppose it^and whose Property In Ordered, That Mr. Wyldboredo carry the Bill to the the Lards intended to be ipclosed is of the Annual Lords, and desire their Concurrence* Value of £. I. 6 s.; and that the whole Property in'

the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Annual A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Value of £.460. i8i.; and that no Person ap-HarrJs: peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)

Mr* Speaker, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, this House ttt the Bill, intituled, An Act to difiblve the had directed him to report to the House; and he Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thfc Clerk’s Table 1 for other Purposes therein mentioned. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

And then the Messengers withdrew. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Questron severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the An ingrossed Bill to discourage the PraCilce of corti- House. 1

mencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within, ingrossed*

the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the

Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heron* was read the Third Time. for the Division, Allotment, and Appropriation, of fe-‘ Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title veral Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the fe-be. An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing veral Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincoln, the frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts Estates of Thomas Heron, Esquire, whereof he is cither at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the ’Tenant for Life under different Settlements, orwhere-Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the unto he is entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple, Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales. was read the First Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords, Resolved, That the Bill be read i Second Time, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of , 1

for veiling divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Ttuftces, to certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner, be fold, to raise Money to pay off the Incumbrances Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, Purposes therein mentioned j was read the First Time, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* . was read the First Time. > .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Cooper, according to Order} reported from the

4 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

Sir Henry Bridgem an reported from the Committee, allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the

to whom the Bill for dividing several Commons and Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or'

Waste Lands, within the Manors of Trvfull and Seifdoh, Plantations in America; to increase the Deposit on V01. 34. Behea

Googh

300

Bohea Tea to be sold at the India- Company’s Sates; ajnd> to empower the Commissioners of, the Treasury. to grant , Licences to the East India Company^to expqrt Tea! Duty-free, was committed, the Amendments which the; Committee had made to the Bill, andpvhich theyr,h^d> directed him to report to > the Houseand he. read; the Report in his Place; and, afterwards dejiyered the Billj, with the Amendments, inatthe Clerk’sTjable.p Wi^pej the Amendments were Once, read throughput^, and tbfp-a Second Tjrne, Qne by One,; and*, qpojvjt^e QuefUftft, Severally put'.thereupon, werq,

'Ordered,.’that: the . Bill, with, the*j^tpePdfH&ntsr ipgrofied-

5°-^6°

'J.i'jiy

npt admit'ftpytPjeSffciotlej-s to be beard:, by themselves or Qouitfel, against such:Pet^ionj ,untU’the/Matter thereof null beep ftrflc repotted t# t be House. - -

Ordered That the said Resolutiop be^jijade a Standing Order of the House.

’ »« J s’ -i’fr/i J 3,; .; ./

An ingrossed Bill fpr0diyidtpg-/pd'jinclosing the Com- Culgaithe mon and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Town- Inclosur*.

the Third Time.

Resolved, Thtft'ithe' Bill "do pafetmAna that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste; propn^T within: the JManor or Town Ih ip

, . .....]" t-j’-o-L’f;! of Culgaithe, in the County of

Money Refojy^di^'pnaS ,atf, hurabW^ tpt Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the*iBitt to-the

strnmt K* u:. tl..j:.::. it.iui. Lords,.ancLdefire th?;r pqpcut;ren^et; >, - , / .

1. v,

Aa!fdiry - ^IS Majesty, That He will Be. g^ioqfly plealed togivp re es. pir^jws> that, there...be, laid befo/e..this Hppfe* an Account, of all Sums of Money, which h^ve been issuecl," by His Majesty s Orders, pursuant to Adck^flcs of this House, and which have not been made good, by Parliament. f „it.

Ordaed, That the said Adcjrefs be. presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as arp of His; Majesty’s Moil; honourable Privy Council.

Supply. j Ordere#. That, the Order. off the Day, for the House, r" tp, resolve itfejf ip to a Committee of the whole House, to; consider further;of the Supply granted to His Ma-; j^tiy, be.now read. . _ '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account Ihewii^g how the Money, given, fort be Service of the Year 1772 has beendisposed o'f, distinguished under the several Heads, up til the 21st Day of April'i>]7$, and the Parts remaining unTl satisfied, with’ the Deficiency thereupon,' be referred to the said Committee. , i

Then the House refoTved' itself into the said Committee. ’

Mr. Speaker left the Chajr.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. , .

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they, may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

JBank Notes. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills: And that Mr. Jackson, Mr. Mr, Pr'efcott, Mr. Dyson,

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Alderman Hopkins, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to efP^wp, ameq^, apd-,.enforce, the several sttfcfe-Laws qow m.bping, for preventing the infamous Prac- Jobbing, tice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, was teada Second-Timoi. . ;. tj.

Resolved, Thsjt the. Bill becommUj^d, „ , q

Hiefolvedf Tittt tjje. Bill be committed, to a-Corn-, nuttee>of the vmqjlcjHou^e..... , .

Resolved, That this. House, w|ll,; (.upop 1fp-morrow Sevenqight,.fefol)vea)tlelf iato.a.C^jnnMU^s of ^he \yl\ole House upon the said Bill. ? ,

Mr. Gilbert prefppled ,tp fording,* to Turnpifcr

Order, ,a Bill to, explain, omervl,. and reduce into One Roads* Act of Parliament, the General, Laws now in being; for regulating the Turnpike Roads of thisi Kingdom; and, for, other rurpofest; And the same -was received j and read the FirstTirqe. --nr’

Resolved, Th^t the Bill be re^d ’a Second Time.

Mr. Rice reported from the-Committee, to whom the Towey Bill for building a new Bridge over the River.. fowey,\ (LJandovery) near Llandovery, in the County of and for 11

making the Fords near the said Town lijfe and commodious, was committed, That the CommitteeTja'dexK amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the.Tame* to be-true; and that the Commiitee hadjgone through . , -.

the Bill, and made several Amendments, ihereunto. . r

which they had. du'e&ed^ liiiq to're^ct to tlfe.House.; and he; read the Report j.n his Place.; ian^ aftier-; wards delivered the Bill, with the /Imehdnients, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are neepflary to be made to the said. Bill/;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed; . x

Resolved, That the said Bill, be re-committed to the

Committee to whom the fame, was committed.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to M00r or Order, a Bill to explain and amend the several Lap-s Game, now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preserva-tion of the Moor or Hill Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petitions: Resolved, That whenever any Petition presented to.

Sanding this House shall have been referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; this House will

Order.

Jovts, 6® die Mali;

Anno 13" GeorgiiTII'11 Regis, 1.773-Prayers.

SI R Francis Vincent presented to the House, accord- Richmond ing to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the Bridge. River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of -

sex;

13 Geo. III.

[ex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East India An ingrossed Bill to allow a Drawback of the Duties Company — of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Tea- Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America -, to increase the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company, to export Tea Duty free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be. An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America to increase the Deposit on Bohea Tea to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company, to export Tea Duty free.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Penh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do HTue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Perth, in the room of David Grceme, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Turnpike A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act Roads. of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Molesworth, &?c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Clergymen. Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Hill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain, called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand and Eighty-five Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1772.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Corn* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; without any Amendment: And also,

Bromsgrove, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *c* Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of oa *" Tavo several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth

Vol, 34.

301

Year of the Reign of King George the Secorid, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Croppenhall, Act for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting, i„c^fare. divers Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenkall and Latchford, in the County Palatine of Chester; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hornby establishing, and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Lo^ftliPi Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein; and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants, who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall, within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Refer-vations only as are in this Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengsrs withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certairt Galey Parcel of Common, or Waste Land, called Galey Com- Common mon, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in lncl®lBre-the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common, or Waste Land, called Galey Common, lying within the Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Donation*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, . M&e* . upon the Bill to constitute a Public Fund* upon which " ortwvun-Donations to charitable and other good Uses in Mortmain may be inverted; and to impower all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Trustees of Charities, to invest the same; and to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trust, for charitable Uses, if they think fit; and to invest the Produce in the Purchase of feme of the Government transferable Securities, at Three per Cent, per Annum, in order that the same may be annihilated, and, in Lieu thereof, an Annuity out of the said Public Fund may be paid and applied to the same charitable Uses to which the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are appropriated, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hotham took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumedthe Chair.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hotham accordingly reported from the said Com-

4 H mittee.

6* Mail.

- ^tiMKSt-

302

6° Ma

A. 1773;

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

Banker* The Lord North presented to the House, according Estates. Order, a Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trull: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

East India Mr. Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Se-ComnaitteT crecy> appointed to enquire into the State of the East of Secrecy. India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respcCl to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Assay A Petition of the Wardens of the Company or Offices. Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Mailers, for alfaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham; and Setting forth, That moll of the Plate that is made in those Towns, is made or stamped with Dies; and that their chief Employment is in plating or covering bale Metal with Silver; and that the Power of allaying and marking Wrought Plate is too great and important a Trull to be committed to Persons in Places where the same is likely to be abused, or to be prejudicial to the Public; and that the Petitioners are appre-lienfive, that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, it will greatly iacrease, the Number of Frauds in Wrought Plate, and render the Detection of such Frauds more difficult: A.nd therefore praying. That they may be Heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Longitude . Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Peti-at iea. tJon cf John Harrison, of Red Lion Square, London, which

was presented to the House upon the Second Day of April 'all, and then ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of John Harrison being offered to be presented to the House:

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been* informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, from a natural Inclination to the Study and Improvement of Mechanic Art, and from a Conviction that Machines may be so constructed as to ascertain the Longitude at Sea (for doing which great Encouragement was held out by the Public) hath neglected every lucrative Pursuit, and devoted with the closell Attention his whole Life from the Year 1727, and that of his Son for near 30 Years pad, to the Invention of such a Machine as might be lead; affected by any Difference of Climate or Weather, and, by keeping equal Time, attain the desirable Purpose of ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and give additional Security, as well to the Marine as to the Commerce of thele Kingdoms; and that the Petitioner conceives he hath succeeded in this Pursuit, having constructed several Machines, the lad of which (a Watch) on a Trial to the tVefi Indies, did not vary its Time in the Passage

more than Forty Seconds, or Ten Miles; and that the Petitioner hath received, from the Public Bounty, several Sums of Money for his Support, under the very great Expence incurred in thele repeated Researches; and that he is now upwards of Fourscore Years old; and that both himself and his Son, wholly intent on this Object, have precluded themselves from the ordinary Means of providing for their Families; and that the Petitioner, disabled by his great Age from constructing other Machines in Conformity to the Act of the Fifth of His present Majesty, has communicated his Invention to other able Mechanics, and reds his Pretensions on the Bounty of Parliament, praying such Affidarice«as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the several Accounts presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Linen Manufacture, which have not been already referred to the Committee appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be " issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations " in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender " in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal " Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being " prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in " and sinking the same And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers and others employed in the Silk Mannfacture, was referred, be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Linen

Trade.

Bread.

Paper Bills of

Credit.

(America)

Silk

Manufacture.

Worstei

Yarns.

Adjourn-

ment.

Henley’s

Eltace.

Spelinan’s JEllate. *

Hornby

Lordship,

See.

Hooknorton,

&c.

Inclosure.

13 Geo. III. 70 Mail 303

Veneris,j° die Maii;

Anno 130 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773;

Prayers.

r\ Rdered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of all the Worsted Yarns imported from Ireland, into this Kingdom, for the lift Five Years* ending at Lady Day 1773.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estates of Henry *

Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Wootton , and Maiden

Newton, in the County of Dorsetartd for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now Hand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given' their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Puttier do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that th» House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spelman, Clerk, in the County of Norfolk; artd for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Act ley, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intithled. An Act for establishing, and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lordship, of Hornby, and Manor of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and

Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for vesting the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein; and for releasing and extin-guishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants, who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall, within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisement?, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable and other Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of llcoknorton, and Sov.throp, in the Parish of Hooknorton, in the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto- fub fori bed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for dividing

VOL. 34.

and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands above mentioned; and th it the Petitioners apprehend, that such Inclosure and Division will be very injurious to their Rights and Property: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill 5 and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon th^Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tithes, lying and arising within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton, and Southrbp, in the Parish of -Horton, iii the County of Oxford, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill* against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, Assay and Plate Workers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, Whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Matters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners, as well as to divers other Persons in the said Trade in and near the City of London, and of Prejudice to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whrtm the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be- heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Aftlejr Reading of the Bill, now ingfofled, for dividing and Abtwus, inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the (e- jn=i0fare.. veral Parishes of Round Atfon, Morvill, Barrow, Much IVenlock, and AJlley Abbotts, in the County of Salop, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and'

John White, Gentleman; and also the Petition of Sir Thomas Jones, Knight, and others whose Names are thereunto set, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

Then the Cour.fel for the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides weredirested to withdraw'.'

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 14. After "of*’ to inlert " now

"called."

1. 15. After the First "of" toinlert "

" Round, now called."

Pr.- 3.I. 4. To leave out " Copyholders."

1. 7<

3 °4

7° Mali. A. 1773.

1. 7. To leave out " Copyholders "

Pr. 5. 1. 8. To leave out " Sir Thomas,", and insert " George " instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave out " Knight of the Bath," and insert " Esquire"instead thereof.

1.17. To leave out " Sir Thomas" and insert " George" instead thereof.

1. 24. To leave out " Sir Thomas" and insert " George" instead thereof.

Pr. 14. 1. 4. To leave out " Sir Thomas" and insert " George" instead thereof.

Pr. 19. I.18. To leave out "Sir Thomas" and insert " "instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of A Sion,

Morvill, Barrow, Much IVenlock, and AJlley in

the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Assay Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Offices, whom the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Mailers, for allaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Towey Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the (Llandovery) Bill for building a New Bridge over the River Towey, Bridge. Dear Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Turnpike Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Dog Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to -tea »ng. Order, a mu explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing the Stealing of " DogsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Exeter The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads, &c. for more efledtually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess;

and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North Turnpike Road near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gale, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Close, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the open Fields of Coltefmore, in the said County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District, called Feltwell New DiflriB, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall, in Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; without any Amendment r And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Jngs,. or Meadow Grounds, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding Moor, in the East Riding of the County of York without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, within the Township and rarish of Dr ad, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America; to encrease the Deposit on Bohea Tea, to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company to export Tea Duty free} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles, in the Town of Newark upon Trent; and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments, for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Billers, an Infant; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles, in the Town of Newark upon Trent , and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments, for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Refolded,

Stamford,

See.

Roads.

Stourbridge,

See.

Roads.

Bedford Level (South Level) Drainage.

Holme,

See.

Inclosure.

Drax

Inclosure.

East Ir.dii Company — Tea.

Newark Town Hall, &c.

Bilters

Nat.

Newark Town Hall, Sec.

6

»3 Geo. III.

7° — 10° Mail

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

The other Order of the Day being read; bock Yards, Ordered, That the Petition of the Artificers and La-

AmAcer* bourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, I o° Mail;

Anno 13° Georgii III’11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Private A N ingrossed Bill for regulating private Madhousesj Madhouics. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating private Madhouses.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Junior, do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

felackrtt’s

i-itate.

Try Tull La cloture.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for makinga Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish oiRyton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward Blackett, Baronet, and Sir Walter,

Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Tryfull and Seifdon, in the Parish of Tryfull, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Tryfull and Seifdon. in the Parish of Tryfull, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bridgeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Towey An ingrossed Bill for building a New Bridge over the (Llandovery) River Towey, near Llandovery, in the County of -ld8e* marthen, and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Towey, near Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen-, and for

making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. R do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gov dal!. Sec. Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Ir.cieiaie. O'der, a Bin for-dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields,- Meadows, Failures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of

Snaith, in the County of York, and for draining and . V ol. 34.

preserving the same: And the lamfe was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Rochester to the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second oa Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally.put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Haltham, &c. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Indofare. Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands; within. the Manors of Haltham cum in the

Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors of Haltham cum Roughton, in the Township^ of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Mary-Je-Bobe Paving.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, made, one in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary leBone, in the County of Middlesex-, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Billers for naturalizing William Billers, an Infant, was read the ^at-First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bofcaweti reported from the Committee, to whom Truro, &c. the Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Roads. Powers, of Two Acts, of the 27th and 29th Years of King George the Second, for amending and altering several lloads leading from the Borough of Truro; and also for amending and widening -the Road, from the lower Part of Coinage Hall.Street, to a Place called

4 I Steppings,

306 io0 Mail A. 1773.

Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thence to; and from the Turnpike Road at Short Lane's End to the great Road leading from Alms House to the

Four Btrrowsin the County of Cornwall; and for build-

ing a Bridge over the River at The Steppings aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Borough of Penryn, and Town of Falmouth, in the County of , and of other Plyres adjacent, was referred; That the Committee bad con side red the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

African Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Compan , Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from John Esquire,

Governor of Cape Coajl , to the Committee of the ' Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated 8th of September 1769; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Matters of Ships in Annamaboe Road to Mr. , and the

Gentlemen of the Council at Cape Coajl Castle, complaining of the Number of Factories: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from John Grofsley, Esquire, Governor of Cape Coajl Castle, to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated 26th of October 1769: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Richard Camplin, Esquire, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated December 20th 1769: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Richard,

Esquire, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Governor and Council of Cape Coafi Castle, dated February 7th 1770: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Governor ana Council of Coajl , dated 9th of March 1770: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Thomas Esquire,

to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated May 24th 1770: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Merchants of Liverpool to the Earl of H, and other the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated 17th of February 1770: And also,

N° 9. Copy of the Memorial of the Merchants and Traders to Africa, from the Port of London, whose Names are thereunto signed, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from John Pozvnall, Esquire, to Richard Jackson, Esquire, dated March 26th 1772: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Report of Richard Jackson, Esquire, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated March 26th 1772: And also,

N° 12. Extracts from the Journal of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, on the 17th of March and the 2d of April 772. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

4

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An AdL Heron’s for the Division, Allotment, and Appropriation, of fe- Ef*ates‘ veral Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron, Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life under different Settlements, or whereunto he is entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Child’* for vetting Part of the settled Estate of Child, Estate* Gentleman, in the County of St afford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now Moor in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of or Hill the Moor or Hill Game, was read a Second Time. Game.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Game.

Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great " tain called England," be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of Call of the the House, be now read. House.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Message, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Afler.t Ullier of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Allent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord ArchWship of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain-, and the Earl of Dartmouth, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify

the

13 Geo. III. 10°

the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com:

An Act to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America to encrease the Deposit on Bohea Tea, to be sold at the India Company’s Sales; and to impower the Commissioners of tire Treasury to grant Licences to the East India Company to export Tea Duty free:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Sackville Earl of Thanet, to make a Navigable Cut, or Ca-

nal, from a Place called The Spring, lying near ton Castle, in the County of York, to join to, and communicate with, the Navigable Canal from Leeds to Liverpool, in a Close called Hebble End in the

Township of Skipton, in the said County of York:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers, or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain Level, or District, called Fehwell New Disirift, and the Hard Lands of Woodhall, in , and in the

Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk:

An Act to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Daltnuir Bums out, in the County of Dumbarton-, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowfounness, to join the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, and Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop and for repairing several ot er Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, lighting, and watching, the Highways, or Roads, within the Town, Village, or Chapelry, of Petersham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Rod, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worccfer, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the said Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley:

An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, and ll arwick, respectively:

An Act for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter-, and for re-building or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto mote commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Wear -, and for amending several other Roads therein mentioned:

Vol. 34.

Mali. 307

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North Turnpike Road near otherwise

Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the County of and from Oakham, through Burley, to a Gate on the North Side of a certain Clole, in the said Lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the Open Fields of Cottefmore, in the said County of Rutland:

An Act for enabling James Cox, Jeweller, to dispose of his Mitfeum, commonly called Cox’s by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be moss for the Benefit of himself and his Creditors:

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Isle of Wight, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Miller, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of John late of

Beffingby, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Moiety of the Manor of Ruffells, and the Moiety of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, in other-

wife Chilford, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, comprized in the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of Mr. Charles Smith and Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bishop, Spinster, in Trustees, tq be fold, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Edward the Sixth, late King of England, in the Town of Sedbergh, in the County of York, to exchange certain Lands and Pofi'efiions of the said School, therein mentioned, with Walter Vavafour, of Wejion, in the said County, Esquire, for other I^ands, in the Parish of Sedbergh aforesaid, of greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for irapowering the Judges of the Court of Selfioft in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Barholm, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to John MCulloch, now of Barholm, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts alfefting the same j and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate in Tail on the same Series of Heirs, and in the same Manner, as is mentioned in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two:

An Act to impower the Feoffees of Roan's Charity, in Greenwich, to tell a Messuage, and Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate of the said Charity, to the Vicar of the said Parish; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the like Uses; and to enable the said Vicar to take a Conveyance of the said Messuage and Two Pieces of Land; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for felling the settled Estates of Henry Cornish Henley, Esquire, in Lyme Regis, Wootton Fitz-pain, and Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset -, and for laying out the Money to arile thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments? to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now Hand limited:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, and certain Lot Ground, within the several Villages or Town Hi ips of Beckford, Grafton, Ashton Underhill, and Bengrove, in the Parish of Beckford, and County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Sheafby, in the Parish of Knaptoft, and County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields,

Adderley’s

Estates.

East India Affairs

to"Mail. A. 1773*

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hel-fringham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pastures, called Hognaston Wynn, and naston Old Field, within the Liberty of Hognaston, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Longmarston, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Little Stukeley, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township of Preston, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for fevering, dividing, inclosing, and allotting, divers Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Groppenhall and in

the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, within the Township and Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Holme upon Spalding , in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act to difTolve the Marriage of John Gordon, Esquire, with John Norris his now Wife; and

to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Greene, Clerk, with Elizabeth Greene his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords hav# passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Adderley, Esquire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and , in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for. Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Uefidue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; together with the Reports,' made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the Affairs in

the East Indies, upon the 8th and 21st Days of last; and all'o the several Reports made from the Gtn-fnittee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Book's and Accounts of the said Ohm; any; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Eff.fts, 6'f the Company, as also to ti e Management and present Situation of the Company's Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Reports were again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That all Acquisitions, made under the Influence of a Military Force, or by Treaty with Foreign Princes, do of Right belong to the State;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read}

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That all Acquisitions, made under the In* fluence of a Military Force, or by Treaty with Foreign Princes, do of Right belong to the State.

Resolved, That to appropriate Acquisitions so made, to the private Emolument of Persons entrusted with any Civil or Military Power of the State, is illegal.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pfo* posed, That very great Sums of Money, and other valuable Property, have been acquired in Bengal, from Princes, and others of that Country, by Persons eti-trusted with the Military and Civil Powers of the State; which Sums of Money and other valuable Pro* perty have been appropriated to the private Use of such Persons;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " State" and before the Word " which," the Words " by means of " such Powers."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That very great Sums of Money, and other valuable Property, have been acquired in Bengal, from Princes, and others of that Country, by Persons eri-trusted with the Military and Civil Powers of the State, by Means of such Powers; which Sums of Money and valuable Property have been appropriated to the private Use of such Persons.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Reports be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Sevennight,"and inserting the Words "upon Friday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this " Day Sevennight" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle, for ft.

>43.'

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Wcr-d"

" day Morning next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put,

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies-, together with the Reports, made lrom the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, upon the 8th and 2rJl Days of April last; and all'o the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (mid, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company,

as

13 Geo. III., to0 —

as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs, together with their Observations thereupon) be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Removal* The House was moved, that the Order made upon

the Poor Mondaylaft, for the Second Reading of the Bill to

oor* prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

East India The House was moved, that the Order made upon Affairs. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to take into further Confederation the Affairs of the India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ocrafional Tire House was moved, that the Order made upon Voters. Tuesday last, for the Third Reading of the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, Tomorrow Morning', might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon fVednesday Morning next.

Aflky The House was moved, that the Order made upon Office*. Friday last, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Matters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and , was committed,

Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wedtiejday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to l lis Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Means; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole’ I louse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till fVednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12*;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Assay f\RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

°®5e»* the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill

( he eld.) for appointing Wardens and Assay Matters, for assay-Vol. 34.

12° Mail. 369

ing Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, was committed, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Yaxley for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Drainage. Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kirkbythore for dividing and inclosing several Tracts, or Parcels of inclosure-Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Sowerb Moor, The Down Moor, The Whims, and Parsons Close, within the Parish of Kirkbythore, in the County of without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Rochester of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King ^ad°ne George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in to Maidstone,

and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hornby for establishing and rendering effectual certain Ar- Lordship, tides of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm &c* and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lordship of Hornby, and Manor of Tatham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein; and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and Customary, Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants, who have executed the said Artides of Agreement, and of such who shall, within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisements, with such Exceptions, and Refer-vations only, as are in this Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River of ^J1^mon<1 Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the n opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond, to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

4 K Resolved,

Adderley's E dates.

Donations, See, in Mortmain.

E aland to

Leeds Road.

310 1 20 Man. . 1773.

Refobved, That this House will, up©n Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Indent resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Adder ley, Esquire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and , in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Residye of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, as representing the Community: And also,

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Bailies, Ministers, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, Feoffees in Trust, and Governors of the Hospitl, founded within the said City, by Umquhiil George HerJeweller to

King James the Sixt h: And also,

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Courlcil of the City of Edinburgh, Governors and Administrators of the Trinity Hospital: And also,

A Petition of the Governors of the Trades Maiden Hospital, of the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Society for propagating Christian Knowledge in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation of Hammermen of the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation of Goldsmiths in the City of Edinburgh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to constitute a Public Fund, upon which Donations to charitable and other good Uses, in Mortmain, may be invested; and to impower all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Trustees of Charities, to invest the fame, and to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-, mbnfs,' in Trust, for charitable Uses, if they think fit; and to invest the Produce in the Purchase of tome of the Government’s transferable Securities, at Three per Cent, per Annum, in order that the same may be annihilated; and, in Lieu thereof, an Annuity out of the said Public Fund may be paid and applied to the same charitable Uses, to which the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are appropriated; and letting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply interested in the Issue of the said Bill, and have many Things to offer to the House why the same ought not to pals into a Law: And therefore praying the House, to allow the Petitioners to be heard* by Counsel, agataft the said Bill, and to lhovv Cause why the same ought not to pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Irwin was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourteenth and Twenty-Sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Iload'from Ealand to Leeds, in the County of York; and that the Trustees for the Care of the said Road are not at p re lent authorized to alter the Courlc of the Road, so as to carry ;t over the private Property of any Person, without his Consent; but the present Bill gives that Power to the Trustees, which, if exercised, may be carried over Very valuable Lands, lying near the said Town of Leeds, which will be very detrimental to

4

the Petitioner, and Several other Gentlemen having Lands in that Neighbourhood; and that the said Trustees have of late caused a Turnpike Gate, which for many Years flood at a considerable Distance from Leeds, to be set up so near the said Town, that all Persons residing at Holbeck and HunJIet, and l'cveral other Towns and Places, are compelled to pay a full Toll for going only about 250 Yards upon the said Road: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for restraining the said Trustees from diverting the Course of the present Road near the said Town of Leeds, and for compelling them to take down the present Turnpike, and that the same may be removed to the Place where it formerly flood at; and that

no Turnpike or Side Gate may, for the future, be suffered to be erected nearer to the Town of Leeds than Milljhaw aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 14th and 26th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Ealand, to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom" the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Matter,'Wardens, and Assistants, Bresd. of the Company of Bakers, in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Bakers within the Limits of the Assize of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread; and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, it is intended t > imroduce a middle Sort of Bread, tinder certain Regulations and Restrictions; and to allow any Person to exercise the Art or Mystery of a Baker, notwithstanding such Person has not served an Apprenticeship thereto, as the Laws lh being require; and that, in case such Bill Should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be ready to make the Bread mentioned therein, and to conform themselves to the Directions thereof to the utmost of their Power, but they apprehend the same will not be attended with any Benefit to the Public; and that it will be extremely inconvenient and prejudicial to them and their Families, and particularly levere on their Trade, which for many Years pad has been carried on with a great, though unavoidable Increase of Expences, yet they have not bad any Allowance made them in respect thereof; whereby the greatest Part of the Petitioners are reduced to very iow Circumstances, and the most considerable among them find their Fortunes and Substance daily diminuhiDg; and, Should the said Bill pass into a Law, their Distress must be Still greater: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counlei, against the said Bill, or such- Parts thereof as affiedt them; or that they may have such Relief in the P/emiSes as to the house Shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Ditto, further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Billforbestrerregulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Smith do attend this House

upon

13 Geo. III. 120

upon this Day Sevcnnight, when the said Report shall be taken into further Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Caleb Jacock do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cay do attend this House, at the same Time.

Spirituous Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Liquors, the more effectually re (training the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an InRruction to the said Gcn-. tlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for more effectually preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted. Rained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Game, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for (Scotland.) ^jie more effectual Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto; and that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir George Suttie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Custoni The House being informed that Mr. from

House the Commissioners of the CuRoms, attended at the

Accounts; |)oor. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented tp Trade.) the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Raw Linen Yarn imported into England, from Foreign Parte, for Twenty Years preceding January 1772; with the Duties paid thereon; diRinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of British and Cottons and Linens, printed, painted, or Rained, which have been exported from England, for Ten Years pre-

ceding January 1772: And also,

A Paper, intituled, A Return by the Inspector General of Imports and Exports, relative to the Exportation of Foreign Linens, printed, painted, or Rained, in Britain: And also,

An Account of the total Quantities of Ticks or Tickings imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, and exported from thence, for Twenty Years preceding January 1772; with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; diRinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the total Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported from England, from the Commencement of the Bounty, to January 1772; diRinguishing the Quantities and Bounties paid each Year: And also. An Account of all the WorRed Yarns imported from Ireland into England, for the laR Five Years; diRin-guishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the Five FirR of the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the laR of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruibd by the Members of tire House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongR the other Papers of this Session.

Foreign Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports. Account of the total Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods and Merchandize exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Russia, and Ireland, from 1751 \.o Christmas 1771; diRinguishing each Country and each Year.

Vo<l. 34.

Mail. 311

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an British Account of the total Amount of the Value of all British ExPorls* Manufacture and Produce exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Russia, and Ireland, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 17715 diRinguishing each Couptiy and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Drawback-_

Account of the annual Amount of the Drawbacks paid Linen Trade, upon all Linens, 'printed, painted, or Rained, in Great Britain, which have been exported from January 175* to January 1772.

An ingossed Bill for amending and rendering more st. Mary-effectual Two Acts, made, one in the Eighth, and the le-Bone other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Paving, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of ; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts made, one in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, fojr regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of MiddleJ'cx; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the ERates of Bankers Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Litates, Debts, and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for &c* Breach of TruR, be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Occasional. Reading of the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Voters. Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight," and inferring the Words " Three Months" jnRiead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Lord Brown/ow Bertie reported from the Committee, weft to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Willoughby and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath, and Inclosure. WaRe Grounds, within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancafler, in the County of Lincoln was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Lord

3*2

12° — 13* Mail A. 1773.

Swine (head, Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

Inclosure w^'om the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stvine/head, in the County of Lincoln; and also a certain Plot of Land, called Wigtoft , in and near to the said Parish of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 22 Houses and Toftsteads, and of 257 computed Acres of Land, having Right of Common, who could not be met with; and except the Owner of 18 Houses, 10 Toftsteads, and of 515 computed Acres, who said, that he would neither oppose nor lign the Bill; and except the Owners of Houses, 2 Toftsteads, and 184 computed Acres, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses amounts to 207, the whole Number of Toftsteads to 68, and the whole Number of computed Acres, having Right of Common to 4078) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Removals Ordered,'That the Order of the Day, for the Second the Poor Rea<^ing of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Paper Bills A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the of Credit. Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An mericad k Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be " issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations " in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender " in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal " Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being <e prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling " in and linking the fame," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this lnstant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clergymen. A Bill for providing Clergymen to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

nock Yards The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Artificers. into further Consideration the Petition of the Artificers and Labourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Yards;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the further Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, at Twelve of the

Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fnr Hie Yeas 5 Sir Dolben,

1 eilers for the 1 eas, Mf:

8.

} 30

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it pafl’ed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ Mr‘

I Mr. Jennings:

Tellers for the No-s \ Mr‘

x eners ror the i\ o.s, J Mr:

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

24.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,130 die Mali;

Anno 130 Georgii III'" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Cade* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the °i¥orce* whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, with Catharine Whitworth, his nowr Wife; and to enable him.to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, hnd examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That M°nev their Address of Wednesday the 5th Day of this lnstant A^drcfe*. May (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Bast lydu Monday last, for taking into further Consideration, Affairs. Tomorrow Morning, the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the Affairs in the

East Indies-, together with the Reports made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in

the j East Indies, upon the 8 th and 21st Days of April

last; and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material

therein.

13 GEO.HL i 3° Mail. 313

therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management, and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) might be read.

And tire said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Truro, An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and en* Hoads IarSinS ^ie f>owers’ of Two Acts, of the Twenty-seventh oa and Twenty-ninth Years of King George the Second, for amending and altering' several Hoads leading from the Borough of Truro; and also for amending and widening the Road from the lower Part of Coinage Hall Street, <0 a Place called The Steppings, in the said Borough, and from thence to Mopas, and from the Turnpike Road at Short Lane's End, to the great Road leading from Penans Alms-house to the Four Burrows, in the County of Cornwall, and for building a Bridge over the River at The Steppings aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending several Roads, leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newark An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Charity for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned; £ dates, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments, for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

loughby, Sir John Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingston Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom u:y>n Thames the Bill for the better lighting and watching the Town Ligh:ing,&c. cf fcngSton upon Thames, in the County of and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments, and Nuisances, therein, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Level Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, (4th Diitriil) to whom the Bill for more effectually executing an Act, l)rain;<g€,&c. passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth District of the said Level, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

Vol. 34.

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 43 Acres, or thereabouts, who refilled to sign the Bill; and also except the Owner of Seven Acres, or thereabouts, who, being in Ireland, was not applied to; and also except the Owners of 224 Acres, or thereabouts, who could net be found; and that the whole Property of the Lands intended to be drained is 6,44s Acres, or thereabouts.; and that no Person appeared before the Comir i tee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendin', nts thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jackson presented to the House (according to Bank Notes, Order) a Bill for the more effectual preventing the &c-forging of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes, or Bills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Assay the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for appointing Wardens and Afiay Mailers, for assaying ' e e Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk?s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in, no Counsel appearing for the Bill.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Wardens of the Company or Mystery of Goldsmiths of the City of London; and also the Petition of the several Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plate Workers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, whose Names are therennto subscribed, were also read.

' And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Amendments be read a Second Time;:

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, intituled, " What Things may be gilded and laid 00 " with Silver or Gold, and what not," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, intituled, " What Things only may be gilded, and what " laid on with Silver," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the 4 L. Committee

Clergymen.

a

Stock-

jobbing.

Wastes,

Commons,

&c.

Horseington

Inclosure.

314 13° — 14® . 1773.

Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Se-cbrtd Time, were postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with rcfjpect only to the Clause in which the Amendments have been postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing Clergymen to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of thp whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V inert s, 14.0 Maii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP15 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

SIR William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Waites, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Richard Elmhirjl, Esquire, who is possessed of One Acre and One Perch of Land, rn the old Inclosure, and Five Acres Two Roods and 23 Perches, in the Field and Meadow Lands; and also except Two other Perlor.s, who could not be met with, who are possessed of Two Acres Three Roods and 28 Perches, in the Old Inclosure, and Two Roods and 35 Perches, in the said Field and Meadow Lands; and that the whole Quantity of Land in the Old Inclosure contains 515 Acres One Rood and Nine Perches, and in the Field and Meadow Lands 1,485 Acres Two Roods and 28 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward AJlley reported from the Committee, td whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Clerk, in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Aftley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Billers, an Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. 7 'ownfkend,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advopate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being, relative thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made.in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the further " Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in " Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for " indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the " Terms in this Act mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, General Grant, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

Spelman#f

Estates.

Billers Nat.

Game.

(Scotland)

Customs and Excise. (Expiring Law.)

Hawkers, "Ware*, See. Corporations

Southampton Foor and Highways.

Adjournment

Tonnage and Burthen of Ships.

Silk

Manufacture.

East India Affairs*

Supply.

13 Geo. III. 140 Maii. 3*5

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, that Persons dwelling

" in the Country' shall not fell divers Wares in Cities " or Towns Corporate by Retail," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act; and for preventing Persons felling divers Wares by Auction, in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, where the Owners of such Wares do not reside: And that Sir Harbord Harbord. Sir Edward , Mr.

Mr. Popham, and Mr. Musgrave, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The Lord Palmerston reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then & Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels, importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Cunlideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

ITien the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had 'directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

VOL. 34.

Sir Charles Whit'worth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of th? whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Removals Reading of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious of £>otfr* Removals of the Poor;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; , v

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Graves,

Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Allay resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon PFj?’ the Bill for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for 'S e®e^) alfaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles James have Leave to Leave for make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of Mod®"* the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign Plate, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Gold or " An Act for repealing the Duty granted by an Act, .

" made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- uni m " " jesty on Silver Plate, made, wrought, touched, assayed, or marked, in Great Britain-, and for granting a " Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in Gold or Silver Plate; and for discontinuing " all Drawbacks upon Silver Plate exported; and for " more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to.

repeal so much of the said Act as inflicts Capital Punishment for the several Offences therein mentioned; and to substitute some other Punishment in lieu thereof And that Mr. Charles James Fox, Sir William Meredith,

Sir Charles Bunbury, and Mr. Lifter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

West

Willoughby

Inclosure.

North Level (4thDi(lridl) Drainage.

Gowdall

Inclosure.

AfTiy Q dices (Sheffield.)

Child’s

Estate.

31 <$ *

Luna, 170 die Maii\

Anno i3" Georgii III'1' Regis, 1773.

Prayers,

A N ingrofil-d Bill for dividing and inclosing the Jt\ Open and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Tow nth ip of Wesi Willoughby, in the Manor of , and Parish

of Ancafier, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Lands, Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of West loughby, in the Manor of Su, and Parish of caster, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownl Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth Distribl of the said North was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually executing an Act, alfed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the econd, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth Distribl of the said North Level.

Ordered, That Sir John Hyude Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Smith, in the County of York, and for draining and preserving the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Wardens and Allay Masters, for alTaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order made upon last,

for re-committing the said Bill, with respect only to the Clause in which the Amendments had been postponed, be discharged.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Committee, to whom the said Bill had been committed, and which Amendments . were upon 'Thursday last postponed.

And the said Amendments, being again read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Smith Child, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other

Mail. A: 1773.

Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Comi mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill t<5 the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Division, Allotment, and Appropriation, of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron, Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life under different Settlements, or whereunto he is entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that tills House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the humble Petition of Sir Charles Hardy, Knight, Governor of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and several others Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, in General Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by several Acts of Parliament, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy were given and appropriated to, and for the Support and Maintenance of, the said Hospital; and that, during the late Wars with and Spain, many Ships, Vessels, Goods, and other Merchandize, belonging to and Spanish Subjects,

and of very considerable Value, were taken, and made Prizes, by His Majesty’s Ships, and carried into different Ports, in the Plantations and Colonies in America, the West Indies, and the Leeivard Islands, and were con-ligned to Agents there, for Condemnation and Sale; and that such Agents did procure such Ships, Vessels, Goods, and other Merchandize, to be condemned, and caused Sale thereof to be made, and did obtain Bills for Bounty Money given to the Captors of Ships of War, and received the Money mentioned in such Bounty Bills; and that such Agents did pay to many of the Captors their Shares of the Produce of such Captures, but have detained in their Hands the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of such Prizes, to a very considerable Amount; and that several Bills have been exhibited,-in the Court of Chancery of the Island of Jamaica, against several of the said Agents, for a Discovery of the Captures which have been sold by such Agents, and to compel Payment of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares thereof, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the Benefit thereof; and the several Defendants to such Bills having demurred thereto, such Demurrers have been over-ruled; and thereupon the Defendants have appealed to His Majesty in Council; and some of those Appeals, for want ol Prosecution, have been dismissed; and the Defendants having thereupon put in insufficient Answer to such Bills, Exceptions have been taken thereto; and, on allowing such Exceptions, the Defendants have again

appealed

Heron’j

Estate.

Greenwich.

Hotfital.

Southampton Poor and Highways.

Wares, &c. Corporations.

Turnpike

ftoads.

Leeds and Selby Canal.

13 Geo. III.

appealed to His Majesty in Council, against the Order allowing such Exceptions; and that there is great Rcafori to believe, that the said Prize Agents, for the Purpose of detaining the aforesaid Money in their Hands, the Interest whereof is more than adequate to the Expences of the above-mentioned Means of Delay so used by them, have formed Resolutions of appealing against every Order that may be made, in Causes brought against them, for Recovery of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes; by Reason whereof, the Determination of such Causes will be eluded; and the Benefit intended to the Hospital by the said Acts of Parliament totally prevented; and that the Laws now in Force are very inadequate and insufficient for compelling such Agents to render a just Account of their several Agencies, and to pay to the Use of the said Hospital such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prizes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Remedy as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Lifbume, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Lord P do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir HarbordHarbord presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled,

" An Act, that Persons dwelling in the Country shall not fell divers Wares in Cities, or Towns Corporate,

" by Retail;" and for preventing Persons felling divers Wares by Auction, in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, where the Owners of such Wares do not reside: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessiiry to be made to the Bill to explain, amend, add reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; which Bill was, upon Friday the 7th Day of this Instant May, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knarefborotigh, Wet her by,

Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton,

Malton, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the

Vol, 34.

31?

County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William MilHer, Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Colder, in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen, of The Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull; and also, the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Latte after-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and Ipswich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gainsborough,' in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating.

Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Aire and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County; and also, the Petition of Sir William Lowther,

Baronet, Owner of a Colliery and Lands in Kippax, and AUerton Bywater, in the County of York, of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Behalf of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the , Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are feil'ed, for their Lives, of a Colliery and Lands in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, and of William Mann Godfchall, Esquire, Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the late Right honourable George Lord Bingley, deceased, Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned, in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, in Remainder, after the Decease of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame Mary his Wife, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Game, Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for re- (Scotland) pealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are . to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging Bank Notes, of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the &c' obtaining a falle Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

4 M Resolved,

i 70 Mali.

318

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworthaccording to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conlrder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Ilesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the Forts and Set-

tlements on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Hooknorton Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to See. ’ whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-turc% Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tithes, lying and arising within the Parish and Liberties ot Iiooknorton, and Southrop in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was committed, be now received.

The Lord Wenman accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, equal in Value to 29 Yard Lands and Seven-eighths, who said they were against the inclosure, Six Yard Lands of which are held by Copy of Court Roll, for One or Two Lives, under the Bishop of Oxford, or his Lessee, who have consented to the Bill, and the Proprietors of Nine Yard Lands and One-fourth, who would neither sign nor oppose the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Five-eighths of a Yard Land, who were from home, and not applied to; and that the Value of the whole Lands and Grounds, including the Tithes, are equal to 145 Yard Lands and Seven-eighths) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of several of the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable and other Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton, and ^ov.throp, in the Parish of Hooknorton, in the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

Then the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both'Sides were directed to withdraw.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

H. 17 7 3

The House was moved, that the Order made upon East In.! Friday last, for the House to resolve itfelt into 9 Com- Affair:., mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to take, into further Consideration the Affairs of the Fuji India Company, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Ditto. England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Propofi-tions presented by the Petitioners to the House on the 2d Day of March last, the Petitioners gave Assurances, that they would consider and propose such Regulations as shall appear proper and effectual for the more advantageous Management of their Affairs, and for the due Administration of Justice, in India; and that the Petitioners, in a General Court, Tield on the 10th Instant, have agreed, that the Regulations, to the Petition annexed, will be most conducive to those Ends: And therefore praying (after alluring the House, that they will forthwith proceed to frame such other Regulations as may appear to be necessary for the better Management of their Affairs) That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enforcing such of the said Regulations as cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, and for enabling His Majesty to grant to the Petitioners a further Charter of Justice, to explain, amend, and extend, the present Charter of Justice, bearing Date the 8th Day of January 1753, in the Particulars mentioned in the said Regulations.

And the Regulations annexed to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition and Regulations do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Turner’s for veiling divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and Eltat*. certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward,

Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Ar- t;1c tificers and Labourers in His Majesty’s several Dock Dock Yards Yards, which was presented to the House upon the Third Artificer*. Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same being reld accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Game made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Laws. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation " of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called " England," be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Silk Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers Manufacture, and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved,

170 M

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Haverhill,

&c.

Road.

Towey

Llandovery

Bridge.

Stanton

Harcourt

Inclosure.

Culgaithe

Inclcfurtr.

Galey

Inclosure*

Try full Inclosure.

A flay Offices.

Horseington

Inclosure.

13 Geo. III. i7° — i V Miii. \x

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 18° Maii;

Anno 13* Georgii III1" Regis, 1773. Prayers.

AMeffagfe from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Eamis;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at to Red-

cross, in the Parish of Skclfordin the County of Cam-

bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Towey, near dovery, in the County of Carmarthen-, and for- making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Culgaithe, in the County of Cumberland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common, or Waste Land, called Galey Common, lying within the

Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Sniffed.-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands, within the Manor of and in the

Parish of Tryfull, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Wardens and AlTay Masters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns' of Sheffield and Birmingham, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Wardens and Allay Masters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwithdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrollld Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish o {Horseingtin the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Vo 1. 34-,

Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln. 1 .

Ordered, That Lord Browtilow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' 4 I,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Swineshead Parcels of Fen and other Commonable -Lands, within lacloiure. the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, and also a certain Plot of Land, called in

and near to the said Parish of Sw was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 16. After " Impropriators " to insert " and to the Vicar and Proprietors " of Estates in , exempt

" from the Payment of Tithes."

Pr. 27. 1. 23. To leave out the Second " and, " and after " Fellows " to insert " and Scholars,"

Pr. 30. 1. 2. To leave out " said Parishes" and insert " Lands hereby intended to "be incloied" instead thereof.

And the’ said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Lincoln, and also a certain Plot of Land, called Wigtoft Marsh, in and near to the said Parish of Swineshead.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Biller*’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat.

Aft for naturalizing William Billers, an Infant, was committed. That the Committee had-'examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Bread. Wednesday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee v of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve or the Clock.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Lyws who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or

or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the p* s' House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the

Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Wastes,

Commons,

&c.

320

18° Mail. A. 1773

That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to L in the Kingdom of " Portugal;"which was to contioue in force, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, for and during the Term of Fifteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for importing " Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in " America, for a limited Time;" which was to continue

in Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued* from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening " and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of " Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation " and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes;

for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences " of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving,

" such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island " of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony;" which was to continue in Force until the First Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The Two first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the

Two First of the said Resolutions, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way ot Ryder, inflicting a Penalty on Persons keeping Lands in Grass above a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Hooknorton, further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commori Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tithes, lying and arising within

the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton, and Southrop, in

the Parish of Hooknorton, in the County of Oxford, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for de-termining the Right of Tythes by a Trial at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing any Injury being done to the Oxford Canal.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for preventing the Healing of Dogs," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord North presented to the House, according East India to Order, a Bill for establishing certain Regulations, for Alfairs-the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring Journeymen in a Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journey- Weavers, men Weavers, in Spital Fields, and within Five Miles of London;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

An ingrossed Bill for the better lighting and watching Kingston the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of pP°?nrI,amr Surrey, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, avin8» ‘ c* Encroachments, and Nuisances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments, and Nuisances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to Banker*, the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

&c.

Inclosure.

Dog

Stealing.

Call of the House.

East India Affairs.

Adderley’s

HorjJby

Lordship,&c*

13 Geo. III. 18" — x 9" 3 2 *

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoo the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; together with the Reports, made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, upon the 8 th and 21st Days of last;

and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of thp Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs j together with their Observations thereupon).

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Reports be referred to a Coihmittee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into further

Consideration To- morrow at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 190 die Maii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1773. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Btnvyer Adder ley, El'quire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the llefidue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lord fit ip, of Hornby, and Manor of Latham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein; and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and Customary, Rents, Boons, Fhies, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants, who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall, within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Vol. 34.

Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Refer vat ions only as are in this Act mentioned, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Fishery, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, St l^wrence, to consider of proper Methods for encojraging the Fishery in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coast of Labrador.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do make the Report from Redstone, the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge. &c. across the River Severn, near Red/lone, in the County of Bridge. Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redfione aforesaid, was committed.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Spirituous Order, a Bill for the more effectually restraining the Liquors, retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for pre- &c* venting the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ward, according to Order, reported from the Redstone, Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge _*c* across the River Severn, near Redfione, in the County of n *e’ Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietor? of a Ferry across the said River, at Redfione aforesaid, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the"Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- unto, which they had directed to be reported to the House,; and he read the Report in his Pjace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be* ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Game Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual (Scotland) Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through* out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by1, the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Tumpik* Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes, is re-committed.

A Petition of Henry Holland, was presented to the Richmond House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Bridge, building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from

4 N Richmond,

7,22 io Mail.^.1773,

Richmond ',in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons to be therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Assignee of William Windham, Esquire, is Lessee of the said Ferry, by virtue of Letters Patent from the Crown, for Two Terms, of which about Twenty-five Years are yet to come; for the Purchase of which, the Petitioner ptiid a veiy large Sum of Money; and that the Grant of the said Ferry was originally made by the Crown, and has been constantly renewed in Consideration of a small Fine; and that the Application to the House for the said Bill has been carried on without any Communication with the Petitioner; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the same cannot be carried into Execution, as the Tolls will not be sufficient to defray the Expence thereof; and representing to the House, that the Property of the Petitioner in the said Ferry will be greatly depreciated thereby; and that the proposed Bridge, from its Situation, can never be used by Travellers in general, but by the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Villages only: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law, until such Time as the Petitioner has a Compensation for the Loss he will thereby sustain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Affairs, further Consideration the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; together with the Reports, made from the Seieft Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, upon the 8th and 21 ft Days of April last; and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose* to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in fefpedt to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 28 th Day of February 1720, of the Proceedings of the House, upon such Part of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, who were appointed to enquire into all the Proceedings, relating to ehe Execution of the Act, passed in the then last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling the South " Sea Company to encrease their present Capital Stock

t" and Fund, by redeeming such public Debts and In-- " cumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for railing " Money, to be applied for lessening several of the public ‘CDebts and Incumbrances, and for calling in the pre-‘f lent Exchequer Bills remaining uncancelled, and for " making forth new Bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the ‘‘ Exchequer," as relates to Charles Stanhope, Esquire, i might be read

And the same was read accordingly; '

And so much of the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, as contains the Evidence of Richard Becker,

Esquire, relating to the Donation and Presents made by Meer JaJJier, was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Reports be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "To-morrow," and inserting the Word " Friday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "Tomorrow" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tbs Yeas, j' uJldfiZ:} *''

Tellers for the Noes, jM,7wor ] 1 ‘9-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Friday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made' from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; toge.« ther with the Reports made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, upon the 8th and 21st Days of April last; and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy," appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company.; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) be taken into further Consideration upon Friday next at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Rickard Becker, Esquire, do attend this House, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, Tjiat William Brightwell Sumner, Esquire1, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Charles Mantiingham, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William M'Gwire, Esquire,. do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Brereton, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing certain ReguT Ditto. Iations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in , be

read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon R;chmond Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Bridge. Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved,

13 Geo. III. 192

Refohted, That this House will, upon Tomorrow S^vennight, the 27th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Occasional Ordered, That the Bill for preventing occasional Voter*. Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Clergymen. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain, called England.

East India Resolveei, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

i° Mali. >323

House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* dieMaii;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773*.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Julliott, from Money issued the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was by Addresses. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which hpye been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament. / .

And then _he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wa»read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’a Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

- ’ < 4:

j ' r f .....

-------- — . — r ! 1 ' tv — rr — r —; ' ,*.* '1 " *f*

_ " ..... .,);

' _ . „ _ I

To John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House £. s. d.

of Commons, from the End of the last Session of Parliament - - - 700 — —

To Samuel Dum, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons - -- - 500 — —

To William Bowyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expep.ce of printing 1,250 Copies of

such Parliamentary and other Records ‘of the Hopfe of Peers, , as His Majesty. shall think fit - - - k - - - 5,000 — —

Exchequer, the 21st Day of May 1773.

.6,200 —

S. P.Julliott.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

CyltamHouse The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Accounts, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ciders, j"

An Account of the total Amount of the Values of all Foreign Goods and Merchandize exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Russia, and , Ireland, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1771; distinguishing each Countiy and each Year: And also.

An Account- ef-the- tot-aLAmount of the Values of all British Manufactures and Produce exported from England, to- Holland, Germany, and Ireland,.

from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1771; distinguishing each Country and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 34.

The House being informed that Mr. Ibbetson, from qwwi(|l the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at Hhospital the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the- Directions of an Act of ' Parliament, > ‘A? . ,.. ,{

Report of 'the Commissioneca.oi: Governors of the Rdypl Hospital fob Seamen, at Greenwich, of what Money^has been received, out of thejRents and Profits of the Derwentnaater Estate, between the :ifl off De-

cember 1770 and the 30th of November 17.71, and of their "Proceedings' m carryingon tile Building: And also.

Report of the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, of what Money has been received, out of the Rents and Profits of the Derzventwater Estate, between the 1 ft of December 1771 and 30th of November 1772, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Reports were read.

The said Reports areasfolloweth; viz.

IN

334 2i ° Maii.'

IN Obedience' to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty‘s Reign, intituled, c‘ An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the " Attainders of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles , .

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons $ and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and'both Houses of Parliament respectively,

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly Report as followeth:

THERE has been received, between the ift December 1770, and the 30th November 1771, out of the Rents

and Profits of the'Estate i viz.

On Account of the Annual Rents - Lead Mines _ - 12,762 5. 10 9 d. 9 # 2 I

. £. 20,000- — '

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

At the South West Pavision of King Charles's Building:

..... . £. s. d.

Building the Walls from the Top of the Cellars to the Top of the great Entablature, and 2 -piltthig on the Floors in the same Height, ambunts to the Supi-of - - - '2,697 19 1

The Ordinary Works,

4

'Repairs in the several Wards, Officers Apartments) Brewhousej Brewing Vessels, Sewers, .

Drains, Water Pipes, Walks, Courts, Roads, and other necessary Works, in the Service . of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of -> - - 4,876 14 1

3 jC-7»574 13 2

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits, of the Estate,- between the-ift of December 1770 and the 30th of November 17.71, on s. d.

account of Repairs - - -- 297 12 2f

By Order of tire Commissioners,

Jit Ibbetson.

(‘‘IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the i1 Attainders of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliff,"

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree - ' t with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing the said j Royal Hofpritalin a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons j and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and ->- both Houses-^f Parliament respectively,

4 THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly Report as followeth:

THERE has been received, between the ift of December 1771 and the 30th of November 1772, out of the

Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On Account of the Annual Rents -----:------ Lead Mines

£. s. d.

9,987 10 11 5

10,012 9 — }

£. 20,000

As

13 Geo. III.

a t* Mail.

335

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

j£- d.

At the South West Pavision of King Charles's Building, carrying up the Walls from the Top of the great Entablature, and covering in the Buildings amounts to the Sum of - - . 15 9

The Ordinary Works; viz.

Repairing the several Buildings of the Hospital and Brewhouse, Repairs in the Wards, Officers Apartments, Brewing Vessels, Sewers, Drains, Water Pipes, Walks, Courts, Roads, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of - - 3.061 14 6

£. 4,988 10 3

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of

the Estate, between the ift of December 1771 and the 30th of November 1772, £. s. d.

on Account of Repairs - - - - 572 6

By Order of the Commissioners, Jn" Ibbetson.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Donation A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council, the Fund. Gildry, and Incorporated Trades, of the Burgh of Ster-

(Mortmain.) % k And zKo,

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to constitute a public Fund, upon which Donations to charitable and other good Uses in Mortmain may be inverted; and to impower all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Trustees of Charities, to invest the fame, and to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trull for charitable Uses, if they think fit; and to invest the Produce in the Purchase of feme of the Government’s transferrable Securities, at Three per Cent, per Annum, in order that the same may be annihilated, and, in Lieu thereof, an Annuity out of the said Public Fund may be paid and applied to the same charitable Uses to which the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are appropriated j and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are deeply interested in the Issue of the said Bill, and have many Things to offer to the House, why the same ought not to pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they maybe heard, by Counlcl, against the said Bill, and to shew Caute why the same ought not to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ship* and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Vessels. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the (Navigation) better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels, importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, to amend so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, and for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act.

Callieoe* Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, and who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Cordage, That they do make Provision for obviating Doubts

Vol. 34.

which have arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon made Cordage exported to the Island of , The

Canary Islands, and The Azores, or Western Islands.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of a proper Method for encouraging the Manufacturee of Paper, printed, painted, or llained, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Methods for encouraging the Fishery, in the Gulpli of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coast of Labrador, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunied the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit here-" after to be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies, or " Plantations in America, from being declared to be a " legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent " the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting " from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame."

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Sandwich, and the humble Petition of Sir Charles Hardy, Knight, Governor of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Gfreenzvich, in the County of Kent, and several others, Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, in General Court assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

4 O and

Paper.

t

fishery,

St.Lawrence,

Ire.

Paper Pills of Credit. (America.)

Greenwich

Hospital.

Pri2e Money.

il°-

Maii.

A. 1773,

and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared tovfhem, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more " speedy and effectual manning His Majesty’s Navy And also,

An Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of " Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning " His Majesty’s Navywere read }

Whereby it appeared, that such Shares of Prizes, as Belong to Peri'ons -run away from His Majesty’s Service, or which should not be demanded within Three Years, are appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital. — Then,

Mr. 'Thomas Sibthorpe, Solicitor to the said Hospital, produced a State of the Proceedings on Bills brought against Agents for Prizes in Jamaica; which were authenticated by the original Proceedings produced to Your Committee; and appears to be as follow:

The Bill of Hood and others against Hall, was filed the 4th of September 1769, and the Order made for Sit Weeks Time, td answer 21st of October — December the ad, the Defendant put in a Demurrer to the Bill, And Act Order was made to set down the Demurrer to be argued the 24th of January 1770; the 2Oth of April following the Demurrer Was Over-ruled, and an Appeal granted; and June the nth 1771, the Appeal was dismissed 'for Want of Prosecution; which Order of Dismission was acknowledged to have been received in Jamaica, November the 7th in the same Year. — June20th 17 72, Intelligence sent

that the Defendant had answeredj that his Answer had been excepted tQ, and reported insufficient — that he had taken Exceptions to the Matter’s Report, with Intention (as supposed) to appeal against the Order, which should disallow his Exceptions.

The Bill of Hood and others against Hall and others.

The Tame Proceedings on the Part of Hall.

The Bill Hood iihd others against Linch, was filed the 27th of November 1769.; and the Order made for Three Months Time, to answer 9th of March 1770; the 9th of June, Demurrers filed — Same Caules of Demurrers,

as in Hall’s Causes. — 1771 May the 24th, Order made for setting down Demurrers to be argued. October 23d, Demurrer over-ruled, and Appeal granted — 1772, vember 2d, Petition of Appeal referred to the Lords of she' Committee of Council for hearing Appeals from the Plantations.

The Bill Hood and others against Papley, was filed the 4th September 1769; October 9th, Order made for Two Months Time to answer; 1770, January 15th, Bill of Revivor and Supplement filed; February 12th, Order made to assign Guardians for One of the Defendants; March 12th, Order made for Two Months Time to answer both Bills; May 12th, Demurrer filed — same Causes

of Demurrer as in Hall's Causes; 1771, January 24th, Order made to' dilinifs Bills for want of Prosecution, unless Cause; February 23d, the like Order; May 24th, Order made for setting down Demurrer to be argued; October 23d, Demurrer over-ruled, and Appeal granted.

The Bill Hood and others against Papley and The same Proceedings as in the last mentioned ' Caule.

Then the said Mr . Sibthorpe, produced to your Com?

mittee, a Letter from Bryan Elk-cards, Esquire, Collectof

of the Customs at Jamaica, and Mr. John Woolfrys, the Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, at Jamaica; Copy of which is annexed in the Appendix, N° I:

And likewise, a Letter, from the said Bryan,

Esquire, to Sir George Rodney; Copy of which is annexed, in the Appendix, N° a. -

Upon the whole Matter, Your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in force are insufficient to compel the Agents for Prizes taken in the late War, by His Majesty’s Ships of War, and carried into the Plantations and Colonies in America, to account for and pay the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of such Prizes, which, by leVeral Acts of Parliament, are appropriated to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be giveri to bring in a Bill.for the better fecufing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money remaining in the Hands of Agents, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward Islands; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

Appendix, Ns 1.

SIR,

In our Letter of the 7th of November, we took the Liberty to inform you, and the honourable Commissioners and Directors of the Royal Hospital at,

that the Demurrers put in to Two of thd Bills filed in the Court of Chandery, on Behalf of the Hospital, against the Executors of George Papley, and the Demurrer filed in like Manner by Mr. Patrick Lynch, were over-ruled, and the several Defendants ordered to put in then: Answers without Delay; but that they had appealed from the Chancellor’s Decree to the King in Council; the Appeal Papers, on Behalf of the Hospital, were soon after forwarded.

We acknowledged, at the same Time, the Receipt of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for dismissing the Appeal of Jasper Hall. — We have now. Sir, to acquaint you, and the honourable Directors, that, in consequence of such Dismission, this Gentleman has since been compelled to give in his Answer; which, however, being altogether evalive and insufficient, we prepared Exceptions thereto, and our Exceptions having been lately argued before a Master of the Court, were every one of them allowed, and a Report was returned by the Master accordingly — But Mr. to give all the Obstruction, and to create all the Delay which Chicanery can invent, has lodged Exceptions ro the Matter’s Report, intending, without Doubt, in case he is defeated in this Particular, and ordered to give in a further Answer (as he certainly will, when the Matter comes to be argued before the Chancellor) to appeal once more to the King In Council; in which same he will most undoubtedly be followed by the other Defendants, who regularly tread in this Gentleman’s Steps. By this Means a further Delay will be obtained of at least Sixteen Months, and even then,.Qthci Appeals may be made from every subsequent Order of the Court; lo that we venture to pronounce it scarct possible, by the present Mode of Proceeding, to obtain a final Depree against any of the Parties within the Space of Ten or Twelve Years, not to mention the additional Delay which the Death of any of the Parties, rpay create; and yet. Sir, we can lafely affirm, that no. Attention is wanting on our Parts; that every Proceeding has beetl pushed forward with the utmost Vigour, and proper, and even liberal. Encouragement given to the Lawyers concerned on Behalf of the Hospital. But, though- it is a Grievance to the Hospital of a very serious and alarming Nature, that a 'Set of Men should have the Power to detain such large Sums

i3 Ge6. III.

2i Maii.

327

in their Hands for such a Length of Tithe (not lets, we presume, than Thirty or Forty thousand Pounds Sterling) and probably, in the End, from the Fluctuation of Property in this Island, to defraud the Hospital of the Whole, yet we doubt, if any Thing less than the Interpolation of Parliament can remedy so great an Evil.

We presume not to prescribe to the Hospital; but we would beg Leave humbly to give it as our Opinion, that the Penalties inflicted by the Laws now in Force, on the Prize Agents neglecting to make out, and render the Accounts, of the Produce and Payments of Prizes, within the Times limited (especially those Prizes on which there are Monies remaining after the Space of Three Years) are neither sufficiently severe nor coercive, to answer the good Purposes for which they were intended. In FaCl, the Legislature did net leem aware what very large Sums might remain in the Hands of the Colony Agents, nor foresee, that in all Cases of Appeal from the Plantations, it mull necessarily happen, that a very considerable Number of private Shares mull remain unclaimed beyond the Time limited. — We should conceive therefore, were the Supreme Court, or feme other Jurisdiction in each Colony, upon Complaint, on Oath of the Treasurer of the Hospital, or his Deputy (in which Oath might be enumerated, from the Records of the Court of Vice Admiralty, the Names of the Vessels condemned, Three Years previous to such Application) empowered to order the several Agents complained of to deliver over, within a certain Time, the Accounts of the Disposal of such Vessels, on Oath, to the Clerk, or other proper Officer of the Court, for the Inspection of the Treasurer or his Deputy, on Pain (in case of Refusal) of Commitment without Bail; that this, or some other such summary Method of Proceeding, would be much more effectual than the Penalties now in Force. The Hospital would, at least, in this Cafe, have an immediate and certain Foundation for future Proceedings; the great Difficulty we at present labour under being to ascertain the Money really due for want of the Accounts j for, having once established the Sum, a Judgment or Decree may be obtained thereon without any great Difficulty, and with little Delay. We think it all'p of high Importance to the Hospital, and a Kind of Penalty in itself, that the several Agents should be compelled to pay the legal Interest of the Colony, on all Monies detained in their Hands from and after the Expiration of the Three Years.

But all this, Sir, we mention with great Submission to superior'Judgments; observing only, that it appears to us, some Steps are absolutely necessary to be taken, beyond the common Mode of Proceeding, as well for the Benefit of the Hospital, in recovering the Monies now due, as for its Security against the like Conduct in future Agents.

We have the Honour to be, with great Respect, Sir,

Your most faithful,

and obedient Servants, Jamaica, £.

20th June 177a. Jn°

'Appendix, N* 2.

SIR,

Having done myself the Honour, some Time ago, to lay before you a Sketch of tire Proceedings carrying on in Chancery, for the Recovery of the unclaimed Shares of Prize Money forfeited to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and Hill remaining in the Hands of the

Agents in this Island, I now beg Permission to submit to your Perusal and Consideration fotne Fads, which the Gentleman concerned with me, and myself,"have thought it necessary tp slate to the honourable Commissionerp and Dicedprs, jn a Letter to the Treasurer, of which ' Van. 34* '

the inclosed is'a Copy; prfifutning, Sir, to hope (if the Circurftstancest which we relate, and our Reasoning thereon, shall appear deserving the Attention of the Hospital) that you will be pleased to honour us so far with your Countenance and Support, as to give our Representa-tionr that Weight, which they cannot fail to have, when strengthened and enforced by the concurrent Sentiments of a Gentleman of Sir George Rodney's Distinction and Character.

To restrain the irregular Afledions of Men, in Proportion to the Impulse of Temptation, is perhaps a Talk too hard for human Wisdom; but, if the great End of Legislation be to guard against the Imperfections of human Nature, by wholesome Regulations, and to apply new Remedies for growing Evils, I prelume to say, that the Interpolation of Parliament is as loudly called for, on the present, as on any Occasion whatever. That the Penalties inflicted on the Agents for a direct Violation of the Laws, are inadequate effect any salutary Purpose, mull readily be admitted, when it is considered, that an Agent refujtng to deliver his Accounts (without which we are obliged to have Recourse to the flow Proeefs of Chancery, obstruded by almost endless Appeals) forfeits only One hundred Pounds; while, by this very Refusal, he has the Means of detaining in his Hands (perhaps for Twenty Years) half as many Thousands. What has happened in Times past, it is easy to suppose, Sir, may happen in Times to come. When the Temptation is powerful, and the Penalties are disproportioned, some new Expedient is obviously necessary. I need not observe to you, Sir, that most of the Prizes taken in this Part of the World are of greiat Value, nor that the Unbealthiness of this Climate, its Distance from the Mother Country, and the Delay in all Cases of Appeal, from a Combination of Circumstances, whence jt will unavoidably happen, that very considerable Sums of Money must remain in the Hands of the Agents, till the same becomes forfeited to tire Hospital; but I would beg Leave to remark, that, independent of the Temptation which too often arises in the Minds of Men of loose Principles, on the Possession of large Sums (which perhaps they consider as something less sacred than private Property) to convert a Part thereof to their own Emolument, there are local Motives that influence the Conduct of the Colony Agents in a particular Manner. Ip a Country where a Notion prevails almost generally, that a Sugar Estate, under good Management, makes greater Returns for the Capital than any other Kind of Property, every Man is tempted to become an Adventurer in the Saif: Hence it is, that the Prize Agents, alipost to a Man, instead of paying the Hospital, apply the Money to th,e Purchase of Lands, expecting perhaps (though they should admit, which I believe tew of them do, that in the long Run they may be obliged to refund with Interest) to make in the mean while Twenty per Cent, per Annum of that Money, for the Use of which they pay only Six. But, in Fact, they cannot be compelled to pay Six per Cent, (the legal Intcrell of the Colony) even if Interest be ultimately recovered j for, from the Failure of paying such Interest annually, according to the Intention, and Custom of Loans, they must necessarily profit a Third in every Seven Years, by paying k in the Aggregate, at the Determination of such Periods. So that what should operate as a Penalty, becomes an additional Encouragement; what should effect a Remedy, aggravates the Injury !

But what, Sk, shall we think of the Honour and Honesty of the Agents, who, in the Answers which they have severally exhibited in Chancery, absolutely deny that they are subject to any Interest whatever ?

That Agents have been influenced by the Motjves above suggested, I can aflfett, from the Authority of One of themselves. This Gentleman offered to give Bond?, payable at distant Periods, for the Balance due from him, which he candidly admitted was several thousand

Pounds;

3^8 2i°Mail 1773-

pounds; but on being told ’twas not in the Power of the Persons acting for the Hospital, to give the Indulgence he proposed, he positively refused coming to a Settlement) or to produce his Accounts; intimating, that he could obtain more Time in the Courts of Law, before the Debt could be ascertained, than he required for its Discharge, in case his Proposals were accepted.

And yet, Sir, the Delay, incidental to the present Mode of Proceeding, bears no Proportion to the Hazard which the Hospital is expoled to from the Priority Laws of this Bland; according to which, the Creditor, who first lues and obtains Judgment, has a Preference and Superiority over all the other Creditors, and must first be paid, whether are sufficient for the junior Creditors or not, and so on with the other Creditors, according to the Order of Time in which their Judgments were severally obtained.; Hence it is no uncommon Thing for a Debtor to admit Judgment, on the Prornife that the Writ of Execution shall not be issued, but lodged only, from Time to Time, for the Purpose of maintaining its Priority; and should a Writ of Execution be issued in the mean while on a junior Judgment, and a Levy made in Consequence thereof, the Provost Marshal is bound to apply the Proceeds of such Levy to the Discharge of the prior Judgment in the first Place, and the Surplus, if any, is applicable to the next in Priority, except where there are several Judgments on the same Footing. The Court of Chancery (which indeed cannot, as I conceive, contravene the positive Acts of the Legislature) regulates its Adjudications in the same Manner, and its Decrees for the Sale of Property, for the Discharge of Debts, always direct the Payments to be made in due Course of Priority} so that, perhaps, while one Creditor gets fully paid, another loses every Shilling. Wither this Law operates to the general Benefit or Disadvantage of the Colony, is nothing to the present Purpose; but, I believe, Sir, you will readily agree with me, that its Regulations, with respect I to the Hospital, are very alarming; and that it is pofll-ble, and even probable, that after Ten or Twenty Years Contest at Law with an Agent, who may now possess a very responsible Estate, the whole Money' in dispute may be swallowed up by Judgments obtained in the-mean while by other Persons.

If to this be added the enormous Expences attending a Process in Chancery, I believe I need say little more to point out the absolute Necessity for the speedy Interposition of Parliament, on Behalf of the Hospital.

I ought now. Sir, to apologize, in a particular Manner, for this great Trouble, which nothing would have justified, but the Certainty, that the Gentleman I address has the Interest of the noble Institution concerned, much at Heart; and the pleasing Hopes which I entertain of promoting that Interest, through his Means, and acquitting myself with Credit in the Trust reposed in me.

I have the Honour to be, with great Respect and

Esteem,

Sir George,

Greenwich Park, Your most obedient,

1 ft July 1772. and very humble Servant,

B. Edwards.

To Sir George Rodney, Bart.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered,-That -Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward Islands, and to compel the 'more speedy Payment thereof: And that Mr. Staunton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. nothatn, do prepared and bringin, the fame. - .

w > . - — x

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles, in the Town of Newark upon Trent; and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments, for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and fofr laying out the Residue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this I Joule hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of -Gaming, be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr. Prescott, Mr. Fuller, &cc.r And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lordship, of Hornby', and Manor of Tat ham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein; and for releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements of such of the said Tenants, who have executed the said Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall, within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Relerva-tions only as are in this Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Parish and Liberties of Hoohiorton and Southrop, in the Parish of Hooknorton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And th^t the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common «Fields, Common 'Meadows,' Common Paf-

' tures,

Newark *

Charity

fcltates.

Stock-

jobbing.

Hornby

Lordship,

tcc.

Hooknorton,

See.

fndofare.

13 Geo. lit; 2i°

tures, Common Grounds, and Conithonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton and Sou-throp, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leed% Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Canal. comrnjtteej to wh0m the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of Leeds, York, Beverley, Hali-

fax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon,

rough, Boroughbridge, Welherby, Bedall,

Richmond, Northallerton, Malton, Otley, Skipton,

Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William Baronet,

Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Wefi-moreland-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity House of Kingston upon and also, the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trailers, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and Ipf-iuich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk -, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Air and Calder, in thfe County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships, in the said County; and also, the Petition of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, Owner of a Colliery and Lands in Kippax, and Allerton Bywater, in the County of York',' of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Behalf of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are seised, for their Lives, of a Colliery and Lands in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, and of William Mann Godfchall, Esquire, Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the late Right honourable George Lord Bingtey, deceased. Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned, in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, in Remainder, after the Decease of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame Mary his Wife, were severally referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide* ration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Spirituous A Bill for the more effectually restraining the retail-Liquors, ing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing &c' . the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be Von. 34.

Mail. 329

printed, painted, stairied, or dyed, in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- £alt India cond Reading of the Bill for establishing certain Regu- Affaiu. lations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, flha.t the Order of the Day, for the House Banker*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts, and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now fead.

And the said Order being re^d accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Silk further Consideration the Report which was made from Mauufacture. the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers and others, employed in the Silk Manufacture, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Moor whom the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws or Hill now in being, so far as the same relate to the Pre- Game* servation of the Moor or Hill Game, was committed,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Limitation of Actions.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

4 P Question

Bethnal Green W orkhouse.

Truro, Scc. Roads.

Haltham,

See.

Inclosure.

Aftley Abbott, Sec. Inclosure.

Duke of Beaufort’s ElUtes.

East India

Affairs.

330 at Mfut. ^.1773.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. /

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Peckell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint thew, Bethnal Green, in the County of to pay

Debts already contracted, in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish and for their further Relief* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending several Roads, leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall* and for building a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppingsin or near the said Borough without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors of lialtham-cum-Koughton, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Round Atlon,

Barrow, Much IVenlock, and Aftley , in the County of Salop-,with some Amendments* to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates strictly intailed by the Will of the Moll noble Charles Noel, late Duke of Beaufort, in Trustees, to be sold* and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Consideration of the Report, which. Upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; together with the Reports made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the £3# India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, upon the 8th and 2 ill Days of April last* and also the several Reports made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company* and to report to the House what they find material therein, in rel'pcct to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company as also, to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs* together with their Observations thereupon).

And so much of the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, as contains the Evidence of Richard Becher, Rfquire, relating to the Donation and Prelents made by Meer fajfter, was again read,

7

And then Mr. Becher was Palled in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then, so much of the said Report, as contains the Evidence of Robert Lord* Clive, was read.

And several other Parts of the said Report, and of the Appendix to the Report, which, upon the 8th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, were also read.

And Robert Lord Clive was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that Robert Lord Clive, Baron of Pla()ey, in the Kingdom of Ireland, about the Time of the deposing of Surajah , Nabob of

Bengal, and the establishing of Meer Jaffier on the Muf-nud, did, through the Influence of the Powers with which he was intruded as a Member of the Select Committee, and Commander in Chief of the British Forces, obtain and possess himself of 2 Lacks and 80,000 Rupees as Member of the Select Committee; a further Sum of 2 Lacks of Rupees as Commander in Chief* and a further Sum of 16 Lacks of Rupees, or more, under the Denomination of private Donation; which Sums, amounting together to Twenty Lacks and 80,000 Rupees, were of the Value, in Money, of

£. 234,000; and that in so doing the said Robert Lord Clive abused the Powers with which he was intruded, to the evil Example of the Servants of the Public.

And an Objection being made, That the said Motion contained a complicated Question the Motion was, by Consent of the House, divided into Two Questions, the First Part ending with the Words " English Money, " of £.234,000."

And the Question being put, That it appears to this House, That Robert Lord Clive, Baron of Plajjey, in the Kingdom of Ireland, about the Time of the deposing of Sarajah Dowlah, Nabob of , and the establishing of Meer Jaffier on the Mufnud, did, through the Influence of the Powers with which lie was intrusted, as a Member of the Select Committee, and Commander in Chief of the British Forces, obtain and possess himself of 2 Lacks and 80,000 Rupees as Member of the Select Committee; a further Sum of 2 Lacks of Rupees as Commander in Chief* and a further Sum of 16 Lacks of Rppees, or more, under the Denomination of private Donation; which Sums, amounting together to 20 Lacks and’ 80,000 Rupees, were of the Value, in English Money, of £234,000;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, through the

Influence of the Powers with which he was intrusted, " as a Member of the Select Committee, and Commander in Chief of the British Forces."

And the Question being put, that those Words Hand Part of the Question:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TelUrs for he Yeas, } «

Tellers for the Noes, | *55-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That if appears to this House, That Robert Lord Clive, Baron of Plajfey, in the Kingdom of Ireland, about the Time of the deposing of Surajah Dowlah, Nabob of Bengali and the establishing of Meer Jaffier on the Mufnud, did obtain and possess himself of Two Lacks and 80,000 Rupees, as Member of the Select Committee* a further Sum of Two Lacks of Rupees as Commander in Chief and a further Sum of 16 Lacks of Rupees, or more, under the Denomination of private Donation which Sums, amounting'

together

Earl of Scarborough's

Estate.

Fishery,

St.Lawrence,

Redstone

Bridge.

13 Geo. III. 21fl- — 240 Mail.331

together to 20 I^achs and 80,000 Rupees, were of the Value, in English Money, of £.234,000;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Robert Lord Clive, did, in so doing, abuse the Power with which he was intrusted, to the evil Example of the Servants of the Public; *

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be pow put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Robert Lord Clive did, at the same Time, render great and meritorious Services to this Country.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Five of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 240 die Man;

Anno 13* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Ernes and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Manor 4>f , and divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the L6rd„s desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Methods for encouraging the Fishery, in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coast of Labrador, the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador, be permitted into this Kingdom, Duty free.

The said Rel'olution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Cooper, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 0

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redfione, in the County of and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redfione aforesaid* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redfione, in the County of and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the Vol. 34.

fame; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redfione aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Public to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into Highways. One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Preservation of the Public Highways of this King»-dom; and for other Purposes, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Manner of cutting and lopping Hedges and Trees.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks ’; which being filled up, the said Clause was, up<in the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to bfe made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Justices shall cause to be delivered to the Surveyors printed Abstracts of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank '; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Time within which Prosecutions shall be commenced.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, containing the Forms of Proceeding under the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affair*, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, To-morfow, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Staunton presented to the House, according to Greenwich Order, a Bill for the better securing to the Royal Hof* Hospital. pital for Seamen at Greenwich, 4ill forfeited and unclaim-

ed Shares of Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward Islands; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Malt, Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First,

intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties upon Dud!)

" Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of " Great Britain called England; and for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cy-

" der,

340 Mail. A. 1773.

" der, Arid Terry, Iri that Tart of Great Britain called " Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1725; and for ‘ transferring the Deficiency of a late Malt Act to this Act; and for explaining a late Act in relation to " Stamp Duties on Newspapers; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for disposing certain Overplus Money to proper Objects Of Charity; and for making forth Duplicates u of Exchequer Bids; Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, " burnt,- or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further . Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties

omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Con-u tracts," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, " Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences '* for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to '* Foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain " Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus " of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous " Liquors j and for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, " and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual a!n Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Re-" gulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of " Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and " also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to .* he paid, for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks " and Apprentices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Acts, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Silt. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-(Quebec.) der, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tonnage; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Oak Bark; der> a gjj for better ascertaining the Tonnage and &c* Burthen of Ships and Vessels, importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures there- by inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in for

appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen,

with rel'pest to the allowing the Drawback upon certain

Callicoes, and the Bouniy upon British-moAz Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary and The Azores or Western Islands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ware*. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second (C»Tpor.tio:is.) Reading of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act that Persons dwelling in the Country shall " not fell divers Wares in Cities, or Towns Corporate, " by Retail;" and for preventing Persons felling divers W ares by Auction, in Cities, Towns Corporate, and

Market Towns, where the Owners of such Wares do not reside, be now read.

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,- j } 74-

Tellers for the Noes, j " } 7U

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House was moved, That the Order made tlpon Bread.. Tuesday last, for taking into further Confederation, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, .

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House To-mofrow Morning, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Paper Bill* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Credit upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the '

Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be " issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations " in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender " in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal " Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being " prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in " and sinking the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Leeds, Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the^Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal inhabitants of Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, Boroughbridge, Wetherby, Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond, Northallerton, Thirsk, Malton, Otley, Skipton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson,

Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufactu-' rers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland; ^id also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen, of The Trinity House of Kingston upon- Hull-, and also, the Petition of foveral of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaflerand also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the.

Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull-, and also, the'

Petition

Gold t>r Silver Plate, (Punishmcm.)-

Aftky Abbottt inclosure.

*3 Geo. III.

240 — 45° Mail.

333

Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and Ipfwichand Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk yand also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other^, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of in

the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating. Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the county of ; and also the

Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County; and also, the Petition of Sir LoW-

ther, Baronet, Owner of a Colliery and Lands in: Hug tun, Kippax, and A'llerton Bywater, in the County of

York, of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Bp-half of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are seised, for their Lives, of a C&lliery and Lands in Allerton Bywater aforesaid; and of William Man Godfchall, Esquire, Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the late Right honourable George Lord Bingley, deceased. Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned, in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, in Remainder, after the Decease of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame; Mary his Wife; were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being rpad accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Charles James Fox presented to the House, accord-. ing to Order, a Bill to repeal fp much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late, Majesty, as inflicts Capital Puniftunent for Frauds and, Abuses in the marking or Ramping Gold or Silver Plate; and to substitute some other Punishment in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inejofing certain Commons and WaRe Lands, in the several Parishes of AEion,

Morvill, Barrow, Much IVetilock, and AJlley Abbotts, in the County of Salop.

And the said Amendments were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 20.I Leave out " who . objected

21.1 " before the said Commissioners

and I " to such Claim or Claims," 22.J and insert " in whose Favour " such Determination or Order " shall have been made," inRead thereof.

1. 31.") Leave out, "whoobjedbed to

32. I " such Claim or Claims before and r " the said Commissioners," and

33. J insert " in whose Favour such -

" Determination or Order shall " have been made," inRead thereof.

1. 33. After " aforesaid" insert " is " and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-ships.

Y oh.34.

Mr .'Whitworthpresented to the House, according to Game.

Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, (Hares.) by limiting the Time for killing and destroying of Hares: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bankers ing, resolve itself into a Corpmittee of the whole ®ll*tes. House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,25* die Maii;

Anno 130 Georgii III'" Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, At) Act Cade’s to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, DlV0rce-with Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time. , ’ ' j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. 1:

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the' Bill to . the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House.hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke for -vesting Part of the Estates strictly intailed by the of Beaufort’t Will of the Most noble Charles Noel, Jate Duke of Ellites' Beaufort, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses, was read, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-well, Mr. Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet" this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hawke reported from the Committee, to whom Turner’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner,

Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, , and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 38. After " Turner," insert " Clause

" A."

(Clause A.) " And be it further Enacted

" and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and " ever}' Person and Persons who

" are now possessed of all or any " Part of the said Hereditaments 4 Q " and

334

2c"'Mali.

and Premises, at Sifter aforesaid, or of all or ahy Part of " any Other the Hereditaments " and Premises by this Act vest- ed in the said Sir Gregory <Turnery his Heirs, Executors,

" Administrators, and Assigns, as aforesaid, for anyTerm or Terms . K of Years which are now subsisting thereon 5 and his, her, and " their respective Executors, Ad*

rninistrators and Assigns, shall,

" from and immediately after the " passing of this Act, stand and " be possessed of such Hereditaments and Premises, in Trust for the said Sir Gregory,

" his Executors, Administrators, (<and Assigns; and shall assign " and dispose of such Term or " Terms of Years to such Person " or Persons, and in such Manner " and Form, as he the said Sir " Gregory , his Executors

'* Administrators, or Assigns, shall " direct or appoint."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by , the House.

Moor . An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend the several

Hill ^aws now hein£> f° f11- as the same relate to the

Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. r. I. 24. After " Black Game/* to insert " between the 10th Day of December, and the 20th Day of " in any Year."

Arid the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preserva- tion of the Moor or Hill Game.

Ordered, That Mr. M do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual Preservation ( and.) of Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in beiRg, relative thereto, was read the Third Tyne.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 18. After " Fowl," to insert "or;" after " Tarmagan," to insert " between the 10th Day of " December and the 12th Day of August in any Year;" and after the Second " or," so insert "any."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fevetallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the' Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game, in that Part of G called Scotland, and for repealing and amending ’leveqd of the Laws now in being, relative thereto.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur-. rence.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit- Linen tee, who were appointed to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland-, and to whom the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the North Riding of the County of York j and also, the Petition of the Huckaback Table Linen Manufacturers of Darlington, in the County of Durham; and also, the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the Counties of (Vilts, Dor jet, and Somerset; and also, the Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Devoiishie Ketfey* and plain Cloth, were severally referred; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had Considered the said Petitions; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters, as they appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix Thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original. *

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Thirty* Gold first Year of his late Majesty,-as inflicts ‘Capital Punish- or Silver mefnt for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or damping Gold or Silver Plate; and to substitote some otter 1 uw "'ent' Punishment in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Hare, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according bying-ia to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Lying-in otP,uls* Ho(f)itals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement 6f Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places: And-the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Clialeur Bay Order, a Bill to permit the Free Importation *jf Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, Caught and cured in Ohaleut Bay, or any other-Part of the Gulph of Saint,

or on the Coast of Labrador: And the same was 'received; and read thoFirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands 4re Baead. — thereunder set and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest-of the Rakers within the City and Liberty a -of Westnmfter^ and 'Patts adjacent, <was presented to the House, and read-; "Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc informed, that a'BUh-is depending, for affizing a middle Sort-of'-Bread, and for ptahibiting any Bread of a superior Quality to be sold, and >alfot for giving Liberty to any 'Person to eoterctfe the Art «rMyfitery.of a Baker; and alledging, that-the Petitioners-will be ready to make the Bread intended 1 by the said Bill; but they apprehend, that a Powergiven to the Magistrate, to prohibit the belt Sort of «Bread,'Will have a bad* Effect, by checking the Miller from making,-and the*Factor and Baker from keeping, such a Quantity or Stock of Flour, as may at all Times be-'necessary for the Supply of the Public; more especially, as the’Flour necessary for making such middle Sort -4>f (Bread will -not -keep any Length of Time; and that,'the Trade of-a Baker being already very numerous, and their:Profit so limited by the Magistrate, as that the Public-cannot be imposed.on, the Petitioners-apprehend, that it-would be extremely hard on the Bakers in.general, if the Clause in the said Bill, for laying open the Trade, was to pass into a Law, as 8 the

Adams’s Adel phi, &c. Buildings.

13 Geo. III. 25* Mail.

335

the Bakers would be thereby deprived of the Advantages of getting Apprentices, and the Expences of the Trade enhanced, by being obliged to employ Journeymen only, which the Trade cannot afford to do* every Expence incident thereto being, upon dn Average* more than doubly increased, besides the great Increase of every other Article; yet the Allowance or Profit given the Bakers by the Magistrates is the very same at this Time as it was upwards of Fifty Years ago: And therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief against those Parts of the said Bffi which affeflt the Petitioners, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John, Robert, James, and Adam, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have erected many great and expensive Buildings, within tire Parish of Mary bone, and the City and Liberty of Westmhijier; and particu* Jarly have made great Progress in building many Houses, Wharfs, and Warehouses, on a Plan unattempted be^ fore, upon a Parcel of Ground, formerly called Durham Yard, now called The Adelphi; and that a great Part of the Works, and many of the said Houses are already finished; and the Petitioners are proceeding to complete the Remainder, and have necessarily incurred great Expences, and contracted large Debts, which thay are unable at present to discharge, and great Sums of Money are still wanting to finish the said Undertaking; tout Jby Reason of the Scarcity of Money, and the general Stagnation of Credit, the Petitioners have bean constrained to proceed very slowly in the Prosecution of their Plan during the Course of the last Year j and are unable to dispose of such Houses and Buildings as are already finished, at reasonable Prices; and, being obliged to pay Interest for great Sums of Money already expended, together with several large Ground Rents, they find it iavpoffible to procure Money to complete the unfinished Part of the said Buildings, which must joon fall into Decay, to the utter Ruin <of the Petitioners, and great Loss of their Creditors, unless the Petitioners are enabled to dispose of their Property, under the Sanction of Parliament, by some other Way than the common Method of Sale; and that the Petitioners are pofi'effect ;af several Shares of Stock in Trade of Catr/rn Company, and many valuable Statues, Pictures, and Antiquities, which they arew ill ling should be likewise fold, for the payment of their Debts, if it shall be found necessary; and that the Petitioners Jiave endeavoured by every Means to dispose of their Property at fair and reasonable Prices, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and had the greatest iReafon to hope jthat they should have been able to <have done the fame, had it not bean for the many and repeated Shocks which private Credit has lately met with, whereby every Attempt the Petitioners have made has proved abortive, which they had no Reason to apprehend till after the Time was elapsed for presenting Petitions to the House; and as Delay still involves the Petitioners in greater Distrds, by the Accumulation of Ground Rent and Interest of Money, and as many of the Petitioners Creditors are become extremely urgent for Payment of their Debts, a Delay to another Session .©^Parliament might be attended with the utter Ruin Of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit a.Petition to be presented for Leave to bring in a Bill, for the -Purposes aforesaid, notwithstanding the Day limited by the House for presenting Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That,; in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the.laid John,.Robert, James, jind William, Adam;

Vol. 34.

The House divided; \

The Yeas went forth. \

rp , c . v- f Mr. Mors on i r,

Teller, for the Yea

{Sir Thoma> Clavering,

Mr. Thomas Townshend-, 64.

Junior: J

So it was refalved in the Affirmative.

Then a Petition of John, Robert, James, and William,

Adam, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the lame. Allegations as the last preceding Petj-tion: And preying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Confederation, and giye them l'uch Relief, under the Sanilion of Parliament, as may best enable them to dispose of the said Hqufes, Buildings, and Effects, to the greatest Advantage for themselves and Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlfderation of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fa& contained in tire said Petition t

And it is referred to Mr. Morlgn, Mr. Thomas Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Mne of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recqrds; and all who come to the Committee ar$ to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Qrx$?r made upon East India Friday last, for the Hpufe to jrefolye kself into a Com- Affair*, mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the ^Affjir? of the East India Company, as well in fo/£a as ip plight toe read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be difeh^rsed.

Refebuei, That this House will, upon Friday next,

.at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole Hoiufe, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yefr Leeds -terday, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday and Selby Morning next, the Report which was made from the Cana Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gqntlei^en, Merchants, Traders, and others, the principal Ipjh^bi-tants of Leeds, York, ibid, Severity, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Rippou,

borough, Boroughbridge, Wetk&by,

Richmond, Northallerton, Thvjk, Qtley, Skip-

ton, Settle, and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, ihe Petition of Sir WWd Nf\ner-> Baronet, Richard Wilson, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and in the County of York; and 4U0, the Petition of the Mayor, Alder--naen. Manufacturers, and principal Tradesvnen, of the iBurgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of and also, the Petition of the May°r apd Commonalty of the City of York-, and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen, of the Trinity House of King ft on upon Hull-, and also,

.the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Qrounds, and of the Merchants,

Traders, and Inhabitants, in and -near the Town Leeds, in the County of York; and also, the Petition :of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgdfes of the Town or Borough of King-fan upon Hull -, and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, refilling, in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds and and

Towns adjoining, in the county of ; and also,

the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub-

lcished,

East India Affairs.

Bank Notes or Bills.

Call of the House.

Bankers

Estates.

536

2 50 — 2 6°Mail.

A.

773'

scribed, residing within the City of and in the

Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and

also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating. Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Air and in the County of York; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County; and also, the Petition of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, Owner of a Colliery and Lands in Swilling ton, Kippax, and Bywater,

in the County of York, of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Behalf of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are leifed, for their Lives, of a Colliery and Lauds in Allerton Bywater

liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust.

And then the House adjourned'till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriit 26° die Mail;

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

PR

AYERS.

late

Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned in Allerton Bywatei aforesaid, in Remainder, after the De-ceale of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame Mary his Wife; were severally referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-

deration upon Tomorrow June next.

Sevennight, the ad Day of

aforesaid, and of William Mann Godjchall, Esquire, That this House will immediately re«

Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, l'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the to consider of the Motion, made upon the 18th Day of ’ Right honourable George Lord Bingley, deceased, this Instant May,‘i That Leave be giveh to bring in a ~ ’ ' " Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journey-

" men Weavers in Spital Fields, and within Five Miles " of London"

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Oliver accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journeymen Weavers in Spital Fields and within Five Miles of London.

And Mr. Alderman Oliver moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journeymen Weavers

Ordered, That the Order of the'Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the Third Day, of this Instant May, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said mittee.

MV. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Com-

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they in Spital Fields, and within Five Miles of London: And

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bacon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow -Sevennight; the 2d Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills,

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of June next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers

Weavers (Spital Field*-) Wages

that Mr, Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Harley, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechelland Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions u\ Wales; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And. the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 12. Leave out, " in order."

1. 36. Leave out "either;" and after "if" insert "the Judge who " tried the Cause, on Evidence " appearing before him, shall " certify on the Back of the Record of Nisi Prius, that."

1. 37. Leave out " shall have been," and insert " was or were" instead thereof.

Pr. 2.

Wales:

Vexatious

Suits-

i3 Gf.o. III.

26° Mali.

337

Pr. 2. 1.

Pr. 3.

1 Leave out " any" and insert " the" instead thereof.

1. 3. After " Action" insert " on suchr " Fact being suggested on the " Record or Judgment Roll, a " Judgment of Nonsuit shall be " entered against the Plaintiff, " and".

1. 39. Leave out from " to "shall"

in Pr. 3. 1. 8. and insert " and " that the Defendant or Defendants were relict'ent in the " Dominion of Wales at the " Time of the Service of any " Writ or other mesne Process " served on him, her, or them, " in such Action; and it shall " be so certified under the Hand " of the Judge who tried such " Cause, upon the Back of the " Record of Nisi Prius (on such " Fadts being suggested on the " Record or Judgment Roll) a " Judgment of Nonsuit shall be entered thereon against the " Plaintiff; and the Plaintiff or " Plaintiffs" instead thereof.

1. 9. After " his" insert " or their."

i. 13. After " Action" insert " and in the Taxation of all Costs allowed and given to the Defendant or Defendants by and " in pursuance of this Act, the " proper Officer shall allow to the " Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, out of " the Defendant’s Costs, the full " Sum given by the Verdictto " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for " his or their Debt or Damages; " and although no Judgment " shall be entered for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon such " Verdict, yet nevertheless such " Verdict, without any Judgment entered thereon, shall be " an effectual Bar to any Action or Actions commenced " by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs " for the fame."

Pr. 6. 1. 18. Leave out "or Sign Manuals."

1. 20. After " Justice" insert " in the " said County Palatine of " or."

1. 21. Leave out from " the" to " the" in 1. 22, and insert " said Counties of Wales for" instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 3. After " Defendant" insert " in

" case such Declaration shall " have been delivered Seven " Days before the First Day " of the Session next ensuing " the Return of such Writs."

1. 4. Leave out from " of’ to " great"

in 1. 5, and insert " such" instead thereof.

]. 29. Leave out " to answer relating " to," and insert " by which" instead thereof.

1. 30. Leave out " or Suit to be brought, " or," and insert " shall be" instead thereof.

1. 31. After " commenced" insert " or " sued."

Pr. 14. 1. 37. Leave out " of," and insert " on"

instead thereof, and after " Ser-

Vol. 34.

" vice" insert " of," and leave " out " Writs." and insert " any " Writ" instead thereof.

Pr. 15. 1. 1. Leave out " and."

1. 22. After " Defendants" insert " in " case such Declaration shall have " been delivered Seven Days before the First Day of the " Session next ensuing the Return of such Writ."

1. 24. Leave out " at the next," and insert " of such" instead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 9. Leave out from "fame" to " by"

in Line 11.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr, Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Clergymen, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, vfrithin that Part of Great Britain called , be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, for taking Leeds into Confederation, upon Wednesday Morning next, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants,

Traders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of

Leeds, York, Hull, Beverley, Wakefield, Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, Selby, Rippon, Knaresborough, -roughbridge. Wet her by, Aldborough, Bedall, Richmond,

Northallerton, Thirsk, Malton, Otley, Skipton,

and elsewhere, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Sir William Milner, Baronet, Richard son, Esquire, Richard Burton, Esquire, and Thomas Wilson, Esquire, as well on Behalf of themselves, as of others, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Manufacturers, and principal Tradesmen, of the Burgh of Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Wefimore-land and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots,

Seamen, of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull-, and also, the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, and of the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in the respective Boroughs of Bury Saint Edmunds, and Ipswich, and Towns adjoining, in the County of Suffolk.-, and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, residing v,ithin the City of Lincoln, and in the Town of in the County of Lincoln -, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or Persons employed in navigating, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, upon the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Oc-

4 R cupiers

Bread.

Elections: Occasional Voters.

Spirituous

Liquors;

Silks, Callicoes; &c.

Supply.

cupiers of Lands* lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County; and also, the Petition of Sir William Lozvther, Baronet, Owner of a Colliery

and Lands in Swillington, and By-

water, in the County of York, of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Goodricke, on Behalf of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, His Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Sweden, and Dame Mary his Wife, who are seised, for their Lives, of a Colliery and Lands in Allerton Bywater aforesaid, and of Wiliam M Esquire,

Guardian of the Person and Estate of James Fox, Esquire, an Infant, Nephew and Heir at Law of the late Right honourable George Lord deceased.

Owner of the Colliery and Lands last mentioned, in , Allerton Bywater aforesaid, in Remainder, after the De-ceal'e of the said Sir John Goodricke and Dame Mary his Wife; were severally referred, be now read.

.. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers in the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Bakers within the Limits of the Assize of the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, was also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined a Witness.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill for preventing occasional Voters in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament for such Cities, Boroughs, and Places, where the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of June next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Comijiittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuff's, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Eloufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And a Motion being made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of making Provision for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and for securing to the Creditors of the said Company a more lpcedy Satisfaction of their Demands;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of making Provision for the Relief of the East India Company; and for fe-

.1773.

euring to the Creditors of the said Company a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands. *

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of making Provision for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and for securing to the Creditors of the said Company a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Corrf-mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Comfnittee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in Foreign Shipping.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-riiittee.

Mr*Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company;

Mr. Bacon reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the clear Revenues and Profits of the East India Company, after the current Payments of Interest, and other Out-goings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, shall have been thereout allowed and deducted, ought, from Time to Time, to be applied, in the First Place, to the Discharge of such Debts as, being due and payable at the Time, shall be demanded by the respective Creditors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the present Situation of the East India Company,

2 6° Mail

Ways and Means.

East India Affairs.

i3 Geo. Ilk i&° — 270 Mail. 339

pany, it will be highly expedient, that some Provision be made by Parliament, for more effectually fe-ctiring the Application of such clear Revenues and Profits to the Purpose aforesaid, and for thereby effecting the more speedy Discharge of the Debts of the said Company.

The said Resolutiods being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order diade this Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read; ,

The House resumed the adjourned Cdrisideration of the said Report.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners wefe again called in; and examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (D) was read a Second Time, and several Amendments made these-linto.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tplfers for the Yeas } 2?'

Ten=rs for, heNoes.{""^'. J,

And it appearing upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Mali;

Anno 130 Georgii III,il Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

/~\Rdered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread, was re-committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Amendment, Clause (D) Yesterday amended;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price " and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," might be read.

Vol. 34.

And the same Was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, lo amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was,- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Walpoie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John, Robert, James, and -Ham, Adam-, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Archibald Campbell, Clerk to John, Robert, James, and Adam,

that the said Messieurs Adam have built Three large and expensive Houses, one in Queen Ann Street, and Two in Mansfield Street, in the Parish of Saint le-botte, and also all that Building upon a Parcel of Ground formerly called Durham now called The Adelpki, between the River Thames and the Strand, in the Liberty of the City of Westminster, and several Houses adjoining thereto, in the Strand.

That all those Houses and Buildings, except a very few in the Adelphi, that have been fold, are the Property of the said Messieurs Adam.

That great Part of the filbterraneous Works in the Adelphi, and many of the Houses, are already finished, and they are proceeding to complete the Remainder.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, an Account, by which it appeared, that the Sum of £.147,271 has been expended in the Buildings already erected in the Adelphi; that the said Messieurs Adam have received £. 29,271 from the Sale of Houses and Rents there: That consequently they have disbursed £. 118,000 more than they have received. — And he produced an Estimate, by which it appeared, thar the Sum of £. 57,000 is still wanting to complete the said Buildings.

That the Sum already expended in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, is £.25,876, and that there is still necessary, to complete one of the Houses in Mansfield Street, the further Sum of £. 1,500.

The Witness being examined as to the Estimate of the future Expence, said, That he had no Doubt of the Estimate being exact; that it was made by very skilful Surveyors, a few Months after the Buildings at the Adelphi were begun; that he has compared it with the Expence of the Buildings as far as they are gone, and finds, that the Expence has always corresponded with the Estimate very nearly.

Mr. Cosmo Wallace, a Surveyor, being examined as to the Truth of the Estimates, informed your Committee, That he giade the principal Estimate himselfi and has seen all the others, and that he has not the least Doubt but they are all very exact.

Mr. Campbell being again examined, said. That if these Works had not been delayed for want of Money, it would have been a very beneficial Undertaking, but that, by reason of the Scarcity of Money, and the general Stagnation of Credit, the said Messieurs Adam have been obliged to proceed very slowly for the last Ten or Eleven Months.

That from the same Cause, the said Messieurs Adam have not been able to dispose of such Houses as are already built, notwithstanding their having exposed them to Sale by Auction and otherwise.

That

34° a 70 Mail. A. 1773.

That several Houses were sold by Auction much un- So it was resolved in the Affirmative, der their Value, and many others were put up that Ord', That Mr. Thomas Walpole, Mr. Morton, Nobody would bid for. Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. La Roche, and Mr.

That if the said Messieurs Adam are not speedily do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, furnished with a considerable Sum of Money, theun-

finished Houses must fall to Decay; and that to the Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Weavers Witness’s Knowledge they have used their utmost En- cording to Order, a Bill to regulate the Wages or deavours to procure Money, but without Success. Prices of the Journeymen Weavers in Fields,. 5

That unless they are speedily relieved, the Interest and within Five Miles of London: And the same was of Money and the great Ground Rents they pay, will received; and read the First Time, oblige them to put a total Stop to their Undertakings, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, to the absolute Ruin of the said Messieurs Adam, and the great Loss of their Creditors. Mr. Hare reported from the Committee, to whom Gold

And he produced to your Committee, an Account the Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Thirty- °p^llJer of the Ground Rents payable by them, amountin’g to first Year of His late Majesty, as inflicts Capital Pu- (Punl^em.-, £.1,644. ioj. yearly. nishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or

The Witness then informed your Committee, That stamping Gold or Silver Plate; and to fuhstitute some the said Messieurs Adam paid Interest for very large other Punishment in Lieu thereof, was committed, That Sums of Money owing upon Mortgage of the Pre- the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made raises, and otherwise; an Account of which he could several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed produce, but your Committee did not think it necef- him to report to the House; and he read the Report in fary to enter minutely into that Enquiry. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

That the said Messieurs Adam are possessed of Shares the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where in the Carron Company, that are now given as Security the Amendments were Once read throughout; and for the Sum of f.5,093, and many valuable Statues, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Pictures, and Antiquities; which Statues, Pictures, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the and Antiquities, have been put up to Sale by Auction, House.

along with others that were fold, much under their Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Value, but no Bidder appeared for these. ingrossed.

The laid Messieurs Adam, being all present, declared, that they are desirous that the whole of their Estate Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- st3mp and Effects should be fold, in.order to do Justice to cording to Order, a Bill for explaining Two Acts, made Duties. th8ir Creditors. in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the (News-

Mr. Henry Robertson, Assistant to Messieurs Adam, First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late being then examined, confirmed the whole of the Evi- Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon News dence given by Mr. Campbell. Papers: And the same was received; and read the

And a Motion being made, and the Question being First Time, proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, enabling John, Robert, James, and William, Adam, to

dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes Petition of the Merchants trading to, and Plan- Dominica of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, ters having Estates in, the Island of Dominica, was pre- Merchants, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by Rented to the House, and read-; Setting forth. That way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Commit- v Jw)s the Benefit of themselves and Creditors; tee 1S appointed, to take into Consideration an Act,

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establish-intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, *nS ceFta'n Ports m We Wands of Jamaica and " Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money, by way " nica> for the more free Importation and Exportation " of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1722; and " of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting cerfor transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Act " ta,n Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, mainto the Land Tax for the said Year; and for giving " taming, fecunng, and improving, such Ports; for alTime for inserting the Money given with Appren- " pertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importices in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, tation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica " Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets " lnt0 this Kingdom; and for fecunng the Duties in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppref- " upon Goods imported from the said Island, into any " ling Lotteries denominated Sales, and other private " other Colony ;" in order, as the Petitioners ap-

" Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Ac- Prehend, to the Continuation of the fame, with Amend-countant General of the Bank of England td return ments 5 and representing to the House, that the Duty " Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer," might 3?-J* each upon all ISegioes imported into Dorn:-be read. nica> imP°led by the said Act, doth, by increasing the

And* the same was read accordingly. Price of Slaves> operate to the Discour'agement of the

Then the Question being put, Tlmt Leave be given African Trade and Cultivation of that Wand, and is to bring in a Bill for enabling John, Robert, James, and therefore highly prejudicial to the Commerce, Naviga-William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Build- tion, and Revenue, of Great Britain; and that the acting, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields^ and mitting Coffee, Cocoa, and other Articles of the Pro-Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and d"ce of Dominica, to be imported into Great Britain, other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Man- under Certificate, in like Manner as Sugar and Hum ner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and are allowed by the said Act to be impoued, will greatly increase the Trade, Navigation, and Revenue, of Great Britain-, and that there is Abundance of Timber fit for Building and Mill Work in Dominica, an Article much wanted by the Inhabitants of the other

British Caribbee Ifands, and by them purchased at a great Expence from Foreigners, as the same cannot,

under the said Act, be legally exported from Dominica,

3 which

Creditors;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

’ Tellers for the Yeas, \ J|r* °mas 7

I Mr. Onslow: \

Tellers for he Noes, 5 ^r' f"1 J

9 I Mr. Catoi J

1

id

15 Cud. III.

which is greatly to the Detriment bf His Majesty’s SuB-' jests therein, and in the said Islands; and that a Per-niiffion to import Coffeevin:.the Hulk into

tain, from Dominica, as it is capable of being broughtj.

Without Prejudice to the Colour and Quality thereof, in that State only, would be a Means of increasing its Consumption both at Home and Abroad; and that a Deduction of 25 per Cent, to be made ffom the Duty payable by clean Coffee upon Importation, will be an equitable Allowance for the additional Weight of such Hulk t And therefore praying, I'll at the Premises may be taken into Consideration* and such Relief and Af~ fiftance therein given as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House^to: whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lying-in A Bill for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hof-

Hospiuls. pitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Ballard Children, born in such Hospitals and Places, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

Supply^ Sir Charles Whilvtortn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for the Purpose of relieving the East India Company; and for leaning to the Creditors of the said Company a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways and Sir Charles Whitwerth, according to Order, reported Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to’te-T port to the Housej which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Chalder of Culm, Measure,

exported to Lifhon, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, a Duty be paid of One Shilling and Six Pence, and no more.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny per Square Yard, and in that Proportion for any greater or lets Quantity, be laid upon all Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom, over and above all other Duties now payable thereon.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second , Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, ot Vol. 34,

f Mail. 341

Bills, upon the Ttvo First Resolutions; which; upon Tuesdaythe 18th Day of this instant May, were reported from the Committee; who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the First of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,.and which has been agreed to by t}re House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Clergymen, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,* upon the Bill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement fdr Debt; within that Part of Great Britain, called England, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill for the better securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all Forfeited and unclaimed Shares of

Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward Islands j and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Bankers in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punching Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced of the Expediency of several of the Regulations therein contained; but, by a Clause in the said . Bill,:which subjects every Person dealing as Bankers to a Penalty, who shall deal or trade, or permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever, either in Trust or otherwise, to deal or trade with, any of the Stock* Monies, or Effects, of, or any way belonging to, such Banker or Bankers, in the buying or selling of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, the Petitioners apprehend, is depriving them of carrying on those Commercial Concerns, which may greatly tend to the Benefit of Trade, and may be the Means of laying great Restraint thereon, and also take from them that Right which every Member of the Community has of employing his Fortune in such Manner as he shall judge most conducive to his Interest, as well as the Welfare and Benefit of the Public; and that the Petitioners are very desirous that any Clause may be inserted in the said Bill which may restrain them, under the severest Penalties, from employing any Part of the Monies lodged in their Hands as Bankers, in any Trade, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever: And therefore praying, That the said Clause, so restrain-

4 S ing

Greenwich Hospital. (Priac Mwiey.)

Bankers

Estates.

34^ Mal> 1773*

ing them from employing their own Property, not engaged in their Banking Business, for the lleafons afore-» laid, shall not fiand as Part of the said Bill, or be ' passed into a Law i and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Clause, and so much and such Part of the said Bill as lays such Restraint as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of thie whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel!, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable so the Payment of their Partnerlliip Debts.; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Richmond Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Bridge, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of 'Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bank Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Notes or Bill*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the 'obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Taper Bill* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Credit. ref0]Ve ftlelf into a Committee of the whole House,

' rlca^ upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to " be issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies, or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal " Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the " legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from " being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Chaplain Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach to preach on before this House, at Westminster,

29th May. Upon Saturday next, the 29th Day of this Instant May.

Public An ingrossfed Bill to explain, amend, and reduce Highway*. into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Prel'ervation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes; was read the Third

rjp*

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amends and reduce into Orte

t

Act of Parliament, the Statutes ndw in being, for did Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ' ! r.

The other Order of thie Day being read; (: .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mbrn-, Spirituous ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole suk^'calS-House, upon the Bill for the more effectually 'restrain- coei*. ing the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting ariy Stamp, or Seal, uled for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted,1 stained, or dyed, in: Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vetimsy 2 8° die Mali;

Anno 13® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers. '

AMefiage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu arid Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saint for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts, Mary-le-bone made, one in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth,: Pavu,£*

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish ai Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes in the said Aidts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, ‘ '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Workington for di viding and inclosing the Open and Common Fields* Inclosure. and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Horseington, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lotds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adk North for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the bevel Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for (4thDlJln,) draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level,

Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth DistriEl of the said North Level; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thorp to impower the Reverend Ptolemy Clerk, and MQ^vcllIe

the Reverend John Jephcot, Clerk, and Catharina Dorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Closes, in Thorp Mandeville, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Redlory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of IFeJion, in the County of Northampton, Esquire; and for the setting out, aligning, and appointing, other Closes,

Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in Lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Redstone for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Red- Bridge. Jiotie, in the County of Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the Paid River at Redstone aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The

13 Geo. III.

28° Mali.

343

Sheffield, &c. Assay Offices.

Rochester

to

Maidstone

Road.

Southampton

Poor.

Supply.

Swineshead The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act loclosure. for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Siuine-Jhead\ in the County of Lincoln, and also a certain Plot of Land, called TVigtoft Marsh, in and near to the said Parish of Swinejlieady without any Amendment*: And also, ... ’ "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Alfay Masters; for atfaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Birming-

ham; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of The Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to , and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the county of ; without any. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day*, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Maty* b; now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 7th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-V01. 34.

Custom-House Account:

Import* and

Ways and Means.

night, the 7th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty: .

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports, between that Part of Great Britain ealjed England, and the Coast E of Africa, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1772; distiriguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

_ And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member of the Houfq.

The said Account is preserved amongst thp other.

Papers of this Session. . *V.

\ , % # *

Mr. Gray, according to Order, reported from the Clergymen. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the1 Amendments were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to- by- the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Silk further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of June next.

The House being informed that one of the Sheriffs of City the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called of London, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read: Taking Notice East India of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations, for Afiairi. the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the said Bill is a direct and dangerous Attack on the Liberties of the People, and will, if passed into a Law, prove of the most fatal Consequences to the Security of Property in general, and particularly the Franchises of every Corporate Body in this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are the more alarmed by these Proceedings, as the Privileges the City of London enjoy stand on the same Security as those of the East India Company; and that the Bill has been brought into the House with a Degree of Secrecy incompatible with the Principles of the Constitution in Matters of such public Concern: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill

344 2§° Mail.,) vl. \ff \.

Weavers A Bill to regulate the Wa£es or Prices of the Journey-ISpitalFields) men Weavers in Spital and within Five Miles of Wa*es ,was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr . Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

LoaU’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Jacques otherwise James , an Infant,* under the Age of Eighteen Years; to which the Lords dciire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Adam's fiord Charles Spencer presented to the House, accord-&C- ing to Order, a Bill fbf enabling John, Robert,

111 , D*‘ and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of and

other their Effects, by way of Chance, in 1'uch ManneV as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors: And the same was received.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher *? of the Black Rod:

Bll,s- Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commissfion for declaring His Royal Assent to several. Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and the Lord Viscount Townshend, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to discourage the Practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious Suits in His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, in Causes of Action arising within the Dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales:

An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for assaying Wrought Plate, in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham:

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnall Green, in the County of Middle~ sex, to pay Debts already contracted, in finishing and furnishing their Workhouse, and on Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and for their further Relief: An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts made, one in the Eighth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles; and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and light ing, the Pari ffi of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for the better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton:

An Act for building a 6ridge over the,*River Towey, near Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen and for making the Fords near the said Town safe and commodious:

An Act for more effectually executing an Act, passed in the Xwenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving the Lands in the North Level, -Part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the Fourth Djjlrift of the said North Level:

An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act# passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty*6 Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the present Turnpike Road at,

" to Redcross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge t

An Act for more effectually amending several Roads, leading from and near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over the River, at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough:

An Act for building a Bridge across the River „ near Redstone, in the County of Worcester, and for

making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the same -r antj for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Redstone aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of The Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent:

An Act for making a Partition and Division of certain Estates, in the Parish of Ryton, in the County of Durham, between Sir Edward , Baronet, and

Sir Walter Blackett, Baronet, pursuant to an Agreement made between them:

An Act for the Division, Allotment, and Appropriation, of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincoln, the Estates of Thomas Heron, Esquire, whereof he is either Tenant for Life under different Settlements, or whereunto he is entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Smith Child, Gentleman, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to pay off the Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Henry Spel-man. Clerk, in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of certain Charity Estates therein mentioned; and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, in the building of a Town Hall and Shambles, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, and in the purchasing of Lands and Hereditaments, for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Town, and for opening the Avenues thereto; and for laying out the Resid ue of the Money in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the charitable Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, enabling the several Fee Farm and Customary Tenants, within the Honour, Manor, and Lordship, of Hornby, and Manor of Tat ham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to purchase the Timber Trees and Underwoods growing upon their respective Tenements; and for veiling the sole Property thereof in them respectively, and extinguishing the Customary Right of the other Tenants therein j and for-

releasing

Googh

Adam’s Addpbi, &c. Lottery.

13 Geo. III.

28 '..Man.

3’45

releasing and extinguishing the Freehold, Fee Farm, and' Customary Rents, Boons, Fines, and other Services, of Right due and accustomed for the Tenements* of such of the said Tenants who have executed the Taid Articles of Agreement, and of such who shall* within the Time limited by this Act, come in and purchase their Timber Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, Rents, Boons, Fines, and Franchisements, with such Exceptions and Reservations only as are in this Act mentioned:

An Act to impower the Reverend Ptolomy Humfrey, Clerk, and the Reverend John Jephcoi, Clerk, and Ca-tkarina Dorothea his Wife, to exchange a Messuage and certain Cloles, in Thorp M, in the County of Northampton, Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, for a Messuage, Two small Cottages, and several Closes and Lands, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, Part of the Estate of Richard Jennens, of West on, in the County of Esquire; and for the Setting out, aligning, and appointing, other Closes, Lands, or Grounds, of the said Richard Jennens, in Thorp Mandeville aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Tracts, or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, called and known by the respective Names of Temple Moor, The Down Moor, The and Close,

within the Parish of Kirkbythore in the County of Westmoreland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Land, called Common, lying

within the-Manor or Lordship of Galey, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Culgaithe, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Tryfu/l and in the Parish of Tryfull, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Moors, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manors of Haltham cum Roughton, in the Townships of Haltham and Roughton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste LandsJ in the several Parishes of Round A cion, MorvilI Barrow, Much Wenlock, and in

the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Parcels of Fen, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Switiefi/ead, in the County of Lincoln, and also

a certain Plot of Land, called in and

near to the said Parish of Swineshead:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Iiorfeington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to dififolve the Marriage of Philip Cade, Esquire, with Catharine Whitworth, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing William Billers, an Infant.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for enabling John, Robert, James, and William Adam, to dispose of teveral Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and

other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors, be now read the First Time;

Vol. 34.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth. '

Tellers for the Yeas \ Mr' Charles ?ams I o3 letters for the 1 tas, J Mr: J 93*

Tellers for the Noes,<

Mr. Thomas 1 T

Junior, j.

Mr. Alderman Saw- f *>:> bridge: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for discharging the Manor of Greenfield, and divers Mef- Scarborough^ fuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of ates* Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed pre- " vious to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a.Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Townshend, Sir George Savile, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Louis’* for naturalizing Jacques, otherwise James Louis, an Infant Nat. under the Age of Eighteen Years, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

A Bill for the better ascertaiiiing the Tonnage and Tonnage; Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Oak Bark, Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon Dra^acks. the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon made

Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores or Wefiern , w'asread a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit the Free Importation of Cod Fish, Fishery Ling, and Hake, caught and cured- in Chaleur , or ch*ieur B any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on ttc. the Coast of Labrador, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for further continuing an made in the . SaIt,. Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of vt~

Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

4 T Resolved,

34^ 2 8° Mail . 1773.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mottl-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

StampDutles A Bill for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh upon Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the

wspapers. Yhiitirth year Reign of h'is iate Majesty, in re-

lation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Gold or An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Plate Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as inflids Capital (Punishment) Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping Gold or Silver Plate, and to substitute some other Punishment in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass- And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as inflids Capital Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the Marking or Stamping of Gold or Silver Plate; and for inflicting another Punishment for the said Offence.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles James Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House (America.) to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Ad to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be " issued in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, in America, from being declared to be a legal " Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the " legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from " being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for ' " calling in and sinking the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committed, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

EastTndi*. A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Abuts. England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for - establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe; and Setting forth, That the said

Bill, if paSed into a Law, will destroy every Privilege which the Petitioners hold under the most l'acred Securities that Subjects can depend upon in this Country; and that the appointing of Officers by Parliament, or the Crown, to be veiled with the whole Civil and Military Authority of the Presidency of Bengal, and also tSibrdeittg, Management, and Government, of all the Tdrntotfal Acquisitions and Revenues of the Company, in the Kiftgdoms'of Bengal, and Orijfa, together

With the-other superintending Powers over the Settle ments of Bombay and Madras, independent of any Choice in the Company, or any real Power of Controul in she Directors or General Courts of the said Company, or Power in the said Company of removing the said

‘‘Jo*

Officers for Misbehvaiour, or filling up of Vacancies in case of Death or Avoidance, is a Measur so extraordinary (while the Poflessions are alledged to remain in the Company) that the Petitioners beg Leave to call the Attention of Parliament to this most alarming Circumstance, before the House shall give a Sanction to an Act, which, under the Colour of Regulation, will annihilate at once the Powers of the East India Company, and- virtually transfer them to the Crown; and that the said Bill is destrudive of the essential Rights and Interests of the Petitioners in many other Respects; and is further defective as to many of the Purposes for which it is declared to be framed; and that the Petitioners look upon this Bill as tending to destroy the Liberties of the Subject, from an immense Addition of Power it must give to the Influence of the Crown , and that the Petitioners have never been made acquainted with any Charge of Delinquency having been made against them in Parliament, and if any such Charge has been made, they have never been called upon to be heard against it; and that they cannot therefore suppole that any such Delinquency on the Part of the Company has been voted; which Delinquency, however, is made the Ground of this Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day, for the Dittfr. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in as in , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and the Regulations thereunto annexed (which were presented to the House upon the Seventeenth Day of this Instant May) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which have been made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspefl the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits* and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management, and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) be-referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; and also the Reports made from the Select Committee, appointed in this Session of Parliament, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the India Company, and of the British Affairs in the Indies,

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel in Behalf of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to t\\c East Indiesfth'n Day presented to the House) and

had

13 GfiO. III. a84 — 29" 347

had made a Progness in the Bill; and that he wfas directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit attain.

Resolved, 'I hat this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjoutaed till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Sab batty 39* die Mdii 5 Anno 130 Georgii III,a Regis* 1773*

AFTER Divine Service, Mr. Speaker anti the House came from Saint Margaret's Church to the House;

Tamer’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates; for veiling divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his elded Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass. Orderedfl'hut Mr. Hawke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Stock. Mr. Thomas Townfkend, Junior, reported froth the jobbing. Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Six thousand Two hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to H is Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for raising the Sum of £. 1,406,606 granted to His Majesty, for the Purpose of relieving the India Company, and for securing to the Creditors of the said Company, a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands, His Majesty be enabled to borrow the like Sum, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon such Monies as shall; by any Act or Acts of Parliament, passed in this Session of Parliament, be directed to be applied for paying the Principal and Interest of the said Bills; and if such Monies shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal, Interest, and Charges, of the said Bills, before the 6th Day of April 1779, then the same to be charged on such Aids as shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1779; and such Bills, if not discharged with Interest, before the said 6th Day of April 1779, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said RefolUtion being redd a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Seven First of the East India Resolutions, which, upon the 27th Day of April last. Affairs, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, for effectually relieving the East India Company under their present Difficulties, the

" Supply of a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary.

" Resolved, That the Method bell calculated for " giving the requisite Relief to the Company, without " impairing the Security of their Creditors, and without " Detriment to the State of Credit in General, would " be, that such Sum of Money should be advanced by " the Public to the Company.

" Resolved, That the Sum of One million Four hundred thousand Pounds will be l'ufficient for the pre-,

" sent Relief of the Company.

" Resolved, That it may be expedient for the Public,

" to advance to the Company the said Sum of One " million Four hundred thousand Pounds; provided,

" at the same Time, due Care be taken to secure, by " proper Regulations, the future good Government of " the Company’s Affairs.

Resolved, That, in case a Sum of Money shall be " advanced by the Public, for the Relief of the East India " Company, the Company ought to be restrained from " encreasing their Dividend beyond Six Pounds per " Cent, per Amt. until such Money shall have been repaid.

" Resolved, That, in case a Sum of Money shall be " advanced by the Public, for the Relief or the East India Company, the Company ought to be restrained

" from encreasing their Dividend beyond Seven Pounds " per Cent, per Ann. until their Bond Debt shall be re-

" duced to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

" Resolved, That it may be for the mutual Benefit " of the Public and the East India Company, that the " Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained " in India, should, under proper llestrictions and Regulations, remain in the Pofiession of the Company " during a Term not exceeding Six Years, to commence " from the Expiration of the present Agreement between the Public and the Company; that during the " said Term, the Public should forego all Participation in the Produce thereof, until the Company shall " have repaid such Sum of Money as shall be advanced " by the Public for the Relief of the Company, and " until the Bond Debt of the Company shall be reduced to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds;

fiand that from thenceforth, during the Remainder of " the said Term, Three Fourth Parts of the Surplus

" Net

Foreign

stained

Paper.

Culm exported to LiibcD.

Paper EiiU of Credit.

348 29 9 Mail.^.1773.

" Net Profits of the Company at Home, above the Sum u of Eight Pounds per Cent, per Ann. upon their Capital Stock, should be paid into the Exchequer, for the " Use of the Public; and the remaining Fourth Part " be applied, either in further reducing the Company’s Bond Debt, or for composing a Fund to be set apart " for the' Use of the Company in case of extraordinary " Emergencies."

The House was also moved, that the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Confederation the Affairs of the East India Company, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; -viz.

" Resolved, That the clear Revenues and Profits of

" the East India Company, after the Current Payments " of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, shall have been thereout allowed and deducted, ought, from Time to " Time, to be applied, in the First Place, to the Discharge of such Debts as, being due and payable at " the Time, shall be demanded by the respective Creditors.

" Resolved, That, in the present^Situation of the

" East India Company, it will be highly expedient, " that some Provision be made by Parliament, for more " effectually securing the Application of such clear Revenues and Profits to the Purpose aforesaid, and for " thereby effecting the more speedy Discharge of the Debts of the said Company."

The House was also moved, that the Resolution, which, upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. /

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One million

" Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for the Purpose of relieving " the East India Company, and for securing to the Creditors of the said Company a more speedy Satisfaction of their Demands."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Resolutions now read, and also upon the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which has been agreed to by the House: And that the Lord North, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Tozemshend, Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. RobinJ'on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to , in

" the Kingdom of Portugal;" and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

explain and amend an ;Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued, " in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in " America, from being declared to be a legal Tender " inPayments of Money; and to prevent the legal " Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and linking the fame," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tht Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received several Returns to the Order of the House, of the 29th Day of last, "That " the Clerks of the Peace, or Persons acting as such, " within every County, Riding, Liberty, and Town Corporate, in that Part of Great Britain called England, " do forthwith return to the Clerk of this House, the " Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons, to " whom Licences have been granted, to keep Alehouses " and Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, and " other Liquors, by Retail, within their respective " Limits, for the present Year;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for providing Clergymen, to officiate in the Gaols and Places of Confinement for Debt, within that fart of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 35. To leave out " and Places of Confinement for Debt."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached this Day before this House, at Saint Margaret's,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robhfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Return

of,

Aiehouse

Licences.

Clergymen.

Chaplain

thanked.

Spirituous Liquors; Silks, Calicoes, &c.

t

13 Geo. III.

29° Mail — 2°June.

Adelphi, Sec. Lottery, tec.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Hrednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2" die Junii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

Bill for enabling John., Robert, James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bene, in the County of , and

other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be moll for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

A

Tellers for the Yeas fMr* leiiers tortne leas,^Mr

Tellers for the Noes,iC-olonel *""*'>

3 4-

l3-

Rxcise,

Scotland:

Drawbacks on linens exported.

s f

’(Mr. Cator:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Walpole, Mr. Charles James Fox,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Amounts of the Draw-baoks upon printed Linens exported, from January 1752 tojanuary 1772.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

The laid Account is prfcferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Turnpike Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes, was re-committed, That the Committee had- made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause( was ofieied to be added to the Bill, for Qualification of Trustees.

And the said Cluufe was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause tvas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

VOL. 34.

549

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. last. To leave out " Six," and insert "Seven" instead thereof.

Pr. 2. 1. 4; To leave out " Eight," and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 15. To leave out " the Space of," and insert " any Term, not less " than" instead thereof; and after " Six," to insert " nor more than " Twelve."

1. 16. To leave out "or until the fame," and insert " unless such Penalty" instead thereof.

1. 17. After " be" to insert " sooner;" and after " paid" to insert " and such " Offender shall, if the Justices " shall think proper, be Once " publicly whipped, for such Offence, at the Expiration of such " Commitment, in the Town or " Place where such Gaol or House " of Correction Ihatl be, between " the Hours of Twelve and One " of the Clock in the Day."

Pr. 4. 1. 34. After " Moiety" to insert " of the " Forfeiture." 1

Pr. 5. 1. 39. To leave out " Justice or Justices, " whose Acts are cqmplained of," and insert " Informer" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 33. To leave out " not being hereby altered, amended, or explained."

Pr. 7. 1.. 2. After " Time" to insert " knowingly " and wilfully."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better Preservation of the Game, within that Part " of Great Britain called England," and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

s -

An ingrossed Bill for better regulating the Aflizeand

Making of Bread, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread.

Ordered, That Mr. PownaU do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire1 their Concurrence.

..v

Mr., Thomas Towtfield. Junior, reported from the Committee^ to whom t]ie Petition of thp Cabinet Makers of London was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dl-redted him to report thp fame, together with the Refactions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with'an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was fead; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Sharpe said, That, about the Beginning of the Year 1772, a Number of Cafes, full of Furniture of various Kinds, and a Number of Clocks of great Value, were brought to Mr. Cob Ft, in Saint Martin's Line — That

4 U the

Game.

Bread.

Cabinet

Makers.

35° 2* JuttiL 1773.

the Contents of the said Cafes, were there exposed to Sale — That being informed they were imported under Privilege of a Foreign Minister, by one of

Wardour Street, the Witness, after taking the Marks and

Numbers of the Cafes, went to the Custom House, and, being permitted to see the Custom House Books, he found the Marks and Numbers to agree — That, upon his Application, an Order was given for the Custom House Officers to seize the said Furniture, which was accordingly done; but that the Goods were faon after claimed, formally, by Count Pignatelli, as the Furniture of his House; on which the Officers relinquished their Seizure, and quitted the Premises.

Mr. ‘Thomas Wright, Watchmaker to His Majesty, informed your Committee, That, in the Year 1772, being desired, by a Custom House Officer, to treat for some Clocks, at Mr. Cobb's Warehouse, that the Officer might seize them, if offered to Sale, he went thither; but was told, they were removed to Count s,

and was directed to Mr. Beauwho was to introduce him — That he law Six Clocks, together with a large Quantity of Furniture, all marked and numbered for Sale — That the Clocks were valued at different Prices, from Three hundred Guineas down to Seventy Guineas — That the Count was present Part of the Time — That he made no Purchases; but that Beaumont frequently came and sent to him, till the Witness owned the De-lign with which he had at first entered into Treaty with him.

Mr. William Pearce, a Cabinet Maker, proved that 36 Packing Cafes were at Mr. Cullen's, about May 1772, Ten of which he saw carried to Baron s Coach

Houses, and Ten others were seized by the Custom House Officers.

Andrew Martin, Porter to Mr. Cullen, laid, He assisted

in removing 15 Packing Cafes to Baron s Coach

Houses, and assisted in unpacking some other Cafes of the same Kind, containing disjointed Chairs, and Marble Slabs.

Alexander Atkin proved the Removal, in July 1772, of a same Quantity of disjointed Chairs from Baron Berlendis's to the House of Mefl" Wall and Riley, Bankrupts, to be sold with the Stock of the said Wall and Riley.

John Gore, a Carman, said. He removed, within the Space of Six |or Seven Months, from the Stables of Baron Berlendis, to MelP* Wall'.and Riley's, Six large Packing # 'Cafes full of disjointed Chairs, and Hair for stuffing the m.

The foregoing Evidence, relative to the Furniture

.....of Baron Berlendis, is explained and confirmed

by the several Papers annexed in the Appendix.

Edward Stanley, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, informed your Committee, That though the Quantity of Furniture, lately imported under Privilege, had been very considerable, the Practice was confined to v&ry few Persons — That many of the Foreign Ministers difcpuntenanced it; and particularly mentioned Two Instances of Count Belgiojojo, who had given Notice to the Board of Customs, to seize Foreign Manufactures, attempted to be imported in his Name, had dismissed Servants for being concerned so the Practice, and had taken Measures with the Officers of the Revenue, to prevent it for the future.

Upon the whole Matter your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That great Quantities of Foreign Furniture have been of late imported into the Port of London, by some of the Ministers of Foreign Powers, at the Court of Great Britain; and that a considerable Part of the said Furniture appears to have been so imported for Sale.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it may be expedient to make some Regulations in resptfdt to the Importation of Furniture by Foreign Mi-; miters, as-well for the Accommodation of such Mini-5

fters, as for the Security of His Majesty’s Revenue, and the Encouragement of the Manufactures of Great Britain.

APPENDIX.

Presentment, 27th June 1707, relative to examining the Baggage of Ambassadors, with a Warrant /or the fame. Dated the 2d July 1707.

For the more regular Dispatch of all Foreign Ministers, in the Visiting and Passing their Goods and Baggage, either on their Arrival or Departure, and as well with regard to the Civilities and ltefpects paid to her Majesty’s Ministers, as to prevent such Complaints as they find Occasion to make, ondifeourfing with one another, of unequal Usage in this Particular by Partialities in Practice;

It is humbly proposed, That every Foreign Minister . on his Arrival, giving a particular Schedule, subscribed by himself, of the Package of his Goods, and what is contained in them, and being Household Goods, Wearing Apparel, or relating to his Equipagfc, for his own Use, and not for Merchandize, as also the Remainder of his Stores, not exceeding a Ton of Wine for every Minister having the Character of Ambassador, and Two Hogsheads for any other Public Minister of an inferior Character, and at their first coming only, may have their Goods, in pursuance of a general Order, sent immediately to their own Houses, on the Officers visiting, by the Commissioners Directions, Two or Three Parcels-only, to fee they agree with the Schedule: — The same Respect to be shewn to all Foreign Ministers in Shipping their Goods, by a Schedule, on their Departure, without fending an Officer to their Houses, or examining all at the Quays: That her Majesty’s Ministers may have the like Favour on their Dispatch Outward and Inward; saving, that as they know the Laws of England, their Schedules are to contain no prohibited Goods, nor customable, beyond their Wearing Apparel, Household Goods, or for their Equipage, without their being fub-jeCl to Duty.

C. Godolphin, T. Werden,

Sam1 Clarke, Hall,

W. Culliford, M. Dudley.

After our hearty Commendations, upon considering of what is by you proposed, in your Memorial aforegoing, 1 approve thereof; and do accordingly hereby authorize and direct you, from Time to Time, to observe and follow such Rules and Methods, with respect to all Goods -and Stores that shall belong to any Foreign Mi-nifter, as you have therein proposed, taking Care not to pass any prohibited Goods; and that all customable Goods, beyond their Wearing Apparel, Household Goods, or for their Equipage, be subject to the Duties payable for the fame.

And for so doing this shall be your Warrant.

Whitehall Treat ury Chambers, 2d July 1707.

1

To our very loving Friends, the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Customs.

Minute, 27th March 1764.

Regulations to be observed in the Examination and Delivery of the Baggage of Foreign Ministers on their Arrival, and of His Majesty’s Ministers on their Return to this Kingdom.

1 ft. That upon the first Arrival here of any Foreign Minister, and upon the Return of any Minister of His Majesty to this Kingdom, upon his giving a particular

Schedule

13 Geo. III. a Junii. 351

Schedule of the several Packages belonging to him, and of the Contents of each Package, such Schedule being signed by the Minister himself, a Copy thereof be delivered to the Inspectors of the River; who are, with the Utmost Care and Dispatch, to bring the Goods therein expressed, either to the Quays, or to the King’s Ware-house, as may be most convenient for the Examination . thereof.

ad. That another Copy of the said Schedule be delivered to the Land Surveyor, in Turn, who, with the Land Waiters to the Ship, are, with due Civility and the utmost Dispatch, to examine, in the Presence of some Person belonging to the Ambassador or Ministers, a reasonable Number of the Packages, to see that they agree with the Schedule; and in case they do, and that it appears from the said Schedule, that the Remainder of the Packages contain nothing beyond their Wearing Apparel, Household Goods, or for their Equipage; and if the Quantity of Wine docs not exceed the Amount of One Ton for every Minister having the Character of Ambassador, and Two Hogsheads for every other Pub* lie Minister of an inferior Character, they are then to suffer the Whole to be carried to their Houses, without further Examination or Delay; but if the Packages, so examined, do not agree with the Schedule, or there are any prohibited or Customable Goods, beyond their Wear-ing Apparel, Household Goods, or for their Equipage; or in case there be any Surplus in the Wines, beyond the Quantity mentioned above to be allowed to Ministers, according to their several Characters; the Officers are then immediately to inform the Board thereof, for their special Directions; and Notice thereof is to be given to the Land Surveyors and Inspectors of the River, for their Government.

Signed, Sl Mead.

Memorial, 5th December 1765, shewing the Necessity of abiding by the established Rules for examining the Baggage of Foreign Ministers, &c. on the Quays at the Custom House.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

The Applications which we observe are made by the Ministers of Foreign Princes and States, for procuring their Baggage, and other Trunks and Packages, arrived from Abroad, and declared to belong to them, to be sent to their own Houses, without being examined at the Custom House, renders it incumbent on us to represent to your Lordships,

That the Treasury Regulation in the Year 1707, in regard to the Admission of the Baggage of Foreign Ministers. which appears to have been made with a View to accommodate these Ministers, directs. That, upon the Arrival of such Baggage, a Schedule of the Packages, and of their Contents, be produced at the Custom House, and that some of the Packages being the re examined, and found to agree with the Schedule, the whole may be delivered. This Regulation, which is renewed at the Beginning of every Reign, in Favour of Foreign Minifteis, not only requires in this Manner an Examination of their Baggage to be made at the Custom House, but exprel'sly excludes the free Admission of Goods customable and prohibited, and extends only to the Delivery of Household Goods, Wearing Apparel, or such as relate to the Equipage of these Ministers, being for their own Use, and not for Merchandize, and this only upon their first Arrival.

That the Indulgence to these Ministers having increased by Degrees, in consequence of their repeated Applications, at length prevailed so far, that it became Vol. 34.

the general Practice, in pursuance of Directions from the Treasury, to permit their Baggage to be sent, without any Examination at the Custom House, to their own Houses, in order to be examined there in the Presence of Officers of this Revenue, appointed to attend such Baggage; but that this Practicd was found by Experi ence to be liable to continual Abuses, such Officers not being allowed, at Houses of these Ministers, to make an effectual Examination, except of such Packages which were known to contain no Goods liable to Objection; and thereby the richest Foreign Manufactures, either subject to nigh Duties or prohibited to be imported, could be introduced without any Check into this Kingdom.

That the Officers of the Customs, whole Department it is to examine Baggage, are not empowered by Law to receive any Duties j which Branch is confined to the Collector, with the Concurrence of the Comptroller and other Officers in the Port of London; so that the Removal of any Goods from the Custom House, before they have paid the Duties, withdraws them from the Cognizance of these Officers, by whom such Duties are to be charged and received.

That this Board, observing the Mischiefs resulting from this general Indulgence, found it necessary, in March 1764, to come to a Resolution, That the Baggage and Effects of Foreign Ministers, and of other Persons of Distinction, should, upon their Arrival here, be examined at the Custom House, under certain Rules conformable to the Treasury Regulation of 1707, which Rules were settled with the Approbation of the Treasury, and a Copy thereof we beg Leave to annex. *

That this Regulation being communicated to the Foreign Ministers, they acquielced in the Examination of their Baggage and Effects at the Custom House, agreeably to the Rules established; which Examination, at the same Time that it was highly expedient for the Security of this Revenue, was directed to be made with the greatest Care and Respect, in the Presence of the Secretaries or Agents of these Ministers, and was conducted in such Manner, that no Cause of Complaint was given thereby to these respectable Persons.

That these Rules, thus established and acquiesced in, as a Security against the Inundation of Foreign Commodities, through the Channel of Foreign Ministers, having been superseded of late in some Instances, we are apprehensive, that, if they are further departed from, and a general Indulgence again granted in regard to the Baggage of these Ministers, whole Number is very considerable at His Majesty’s Court, it will open a Door for the free Importation at this Port of large Quantities of high-priced Foreign Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Custom House, London, S. Mead,

cth Dec. 176c. E. Hooper,

H. Pelham,

Frederick,

H. Bankes,

Pennington,

C. Morris.

12th February 1772.

Memorial of the Cabinet Makers, praying. That the Information given by them to the Officers, of Foreign Household Furniture being lodged in certain Places for Sale, may bepurlued.

To the honourable Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs.

The Memorial of John Sharp, John Mill, John Fenlazv,

and

35*

2° Junii. ^.1773.

and Samuel Clark, Cabinet Makers, in Behalf of them-

selves and several other Cabinet Makers,

Humbly shew unto your Honours, That your Memorialists having applied to John Brooke and William Brice, Two of your Honours Officers, to seize the Goods mentioned in the Affidavit hereunto annexed, and finding them not willing to seize the fame, without the Di- t regions of your Honours;

Your Memorialists, therefore, humbly pray, That your Honours would be pleated to give Directiotis to the said Johx Brooke and William , to go with your Memorialists to the Place where the said Goods are lodged, and to seize such of the said Goods as shall be pointed out to them, by your Memorialists, to be Foreign Goods, and run.

To the Solicitor.

Feb., it, 1772*

The inclosed Affidavit does not prove any of the Goods to be run, only that the Informants verily believe the Duty has not been paid, which, 1 think, is not sufficient for the Officers to venture to seize them; but, if your Honours please, it may be referred to them to report their Objections.

7. Tyton,

1772.

The Officers to report.

Feb. 12, 1772, P.

Slay ft please your Honours,

We having acquainted Mefirs. John Sharp and John Mill, Two of your Honours Memorialists (who are here in waiting for your Honours Directions) that the Affidavit annexed is not sufficient; they positively assure us, that the Goods informed against have not paid the Duty.

Which is humbly submitted,

.1 7- r Brooke,

12th FA 177,. jy. Brice.

John Fenlaw, of the Parish of in

the County of Middlesex, Cabinet Maker, and Samuel Clark, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the said County of Middlesex, Cabinet Maker, severally

make Oath, and say. That they have, within a Week last pad, seen several Pieces of Foreign Cabinet Work exposed to Sale, in the Possession of a Tradesman near Leicester Fields, in the said County of Middlesex, and the same Goods, or some Part thereof, are now exposed to Sale, and in the Possession of the said Tradesman; and these Deponents severally further say. That they verily believe, that the said several Pieces of Cabinet Work, nor any of them, have paid the Duty usually paid at the Custom House for Cabinet Work imported from Foreign Parts.

Sworn at niy Chambers John

in Serjeant's Inn, this Samuel Clark.

Uth Day of February 1772, before

Rich4 Adam.

21st July 1772.

Report of Messieurs Brooke, Brice, Strachan, and Oakley, Officers of the Customs, relative to the Seizure of Cabinet Ware, at the Houses of Messieurs Wall and Riley, Mr. Cullen, and Mr. Cobb.

May it please your Honours,

In obedience to your Honours Minute of the 14th Instant, we humbly report; That, in consequence of receiving Information from a Committee of Cabinet Makers, that a very large Quantity of Foreign Cabinet Work was for Sale in the Houses of Messieurs and Riley, in Sherrard Street, Mr. Cullen, in Greek Street, and Mr. Cobbs, in Saint Martins Lane, we found and seized, at each Place, the particular Quantities as are hereunto annexed.

That, soon after the said Goods at Messieurs Wall and Riley's, were found, and about being taken away, one Richard Shepley (who, we believe, is well known to your Honours to be a Smuggler, he having been convicted as such in the Court of Exchequer) came and infilled, the Cabinet Work should not be taken away; saying. That he was the Landlord of Messieurs Wall and Riley, who were Bankrupts; that these Goods were a Part of the Estate, and would ffiortly be sold for the Benefit of their Creditors; and that the Goods were at that Time particularized in a printed Catalogue for that Purpose. Here we beg Leave to observe, that the Assignees to the Estate of the said Wall and Riley did, a few Days ago, pray, by Petition to your Honours, the Delivery of the said Cabinet Work, aflTerting it to be a Part of the Bankrupts Estate; which Application we humbly refer your Honours to, wherein we have alledged, that we have credible and positive Proof, that the Cabinet Work was, very lately before the Seizure, brought to the Bankrupts House, and we have not the lead Doubt of the Goods being intended to be sold at the Bankrupts intended Sale; but not for the Benefit of the Creditors, as they could not be a Part of the Estate, they being brought there so long after the Estate being in the Possession of the Assignees; and further humbly observe to your Honours, that we believe the Intention of their being brought there was, from the Advantage of having them seemingly sold as a Bankrupt’s Effects, by the Contrivance of Shepley, who might then think they would hereafter be free from Seizure.

On the 4th Instant we went into the House of Mr. Cullen, in Greek Street, Soho, who, on being acquainted with our Business, very readily shewed us the Goods, and acquainted us, that all he had to do in the Matter was to be paid for Warehouse Room, during the Time the Goods were on his Premises; and said. That when he was first applied to for Warehouse Room, he understood it was for a small Quantity, but to his great Astonishment there was brought there Thirteen loaded Carts, or upwards, full packed of Foreign Cabinet Work; declaring the Cabinet Work which we had found, and which was all that he then had in his Possession, was not a Thirtieth Part of what was first brought to him; and said. That, had he known the Quantity to have been so large, he'Would not have suffered them to have come there, for that he was not employed in the lead as a Cabinet Maker, either to finish, or in any respect work on, the said Goods; and told us, that very large Quantities of the said Thirteen Loads had been delivered at different Times by him, in consequence of receiving written Orders for that Purpose (one of which he produced) but always in the same State as they came to him, without any Alteration whatever; but where they went, or to whom, he said, he did not know: That we understood by Mr. Cullen, that he never had been once employed #as a Tradesman by Baron Berlindy,-he often repeating, that he thought it a grea

Hardi-.

i3 Geo. I1L

2° Junii.

353

Hard ship to the Trade in general, and very extraordinary in any Person, to a(k a Tradesman to furnifti Warehouse Room for Foreign Manufactures, and not employ him as a Tradesman (or used Words to that Purport)' which he (Cullen) observed, was no other-ways than telling him to his Face, I will not employ you as a Manufacturer, but 1 shall be obliged to you, if you will furnish me with Room to deposit Foreign Manufactures in.

The Goods; viz. Seven circular Slab Frames gilt and bumished, with Marble Slabs for the same; One variegated Commode with a Marble Slab for its Top; were found and seized in the Public Sale Room at Mr. Cullen's, and was, as we were informed by Mr.

Cullen's Servants, the Property of a Mr. ,in

War dour Street, and that they were there for Sale.

That on the 6th Instant, the Seizure at Mr. Cobb's was made in his Public Sale Wareroom, which we can prove was there to be sold, and which we had, about last March, seen with a much greater Quantity, with the affixed Prices marked thereon, amounting to upwards of Three thou land Pounds.

We are your Honours

Molt obedient Servants,

Jn0 ,

Zi July 1772.

Alex' Strackan, Thomas Oakley.

Honourable Sirs,

I am this Moment served with the annexed Copy of a Writ, and humbly pray your Honours Orders to be defended; which is humbly iubmitted.

Brooke.

To the Solicitor,

By Order of the Commissioners.

21 July. Edwd Stanley.

I beg Leave to refer to your Honours inclosed Orders of the 10th Instant, and submit whether you will not be pleased to direct the Officers to be defended at the Crown’s Charge.

23d 7^,774. ForMrfjfc^.

July 24, 1772. The Officers to be defended at the Crown’s Charge.

1.1.

Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, 28 July 1772, relative to Baron Berlindys Application for Goods seized at sundry Upholsterers.

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships having been pleased, in Mr.

Jon's Letter of the 10th Instant, to transmit us a Letter from Sir Stanier For ten, together with a Copy of a Let-

ter from the Baron Berlindy, the Venetian Resident, complaining, that several Goods belonging to him have been seized in Two different Upholsterers Houses, where they had been Cent to be fitted up for his own Use; and to order us to take the same into Consideration, and to report to your Lordships a State of the Cafe, with our Opinion what is fit to be done therein: t. We report, That on the 6th Instant

1 ° 2„f>/,£port' ^ie Surveyor of the Land Carriage Officers, and other Officers of this Revenue, acquainted us, that on the 3d they had seized, in the House of Messieurs Riley and Wall, in Shcrrard Street, and in the Houses of Mr. Cullen, in Greek Street, and Mr. in Saint Martin's Lane, a large Quantity of French

Chairs, and other French Houshold Furniture (Schedules of which are hereunto annexed) in consequence of an Vol. 34.

Information they had received from a Committee of Cabinet Makers, that very large Quantities of those Commodities had been there deposited for Sale; and that they had traced great Part of the said Goods, the preceding Evening, from Baron Berlindy'sHouse, in Soho Square, to Messieurs Riley's and and there law them deposited; that soon after, one Richard Shepley, a Person who has been concerned in Smuggling, and has been convicted for such Offences in the Court of Exchequer, came, and infilled that the Goods should not be taken away; alledging, he was the Landlord of Messieurs Riley and Wall, who were Bankrupts, and that the Goods were Part of their Estate, and were shortly to be sold lor the Benefit of their Creditors, and that the Goods were at that Time particularized in a private Catalogue for that Purpose; notwithstanding the Officers have positive Proof that the said Cabinet Work had, very lately before the Seizure thereof, been brought to the Bankrupts House, and have not the least Doubt of the said Goods being intended to be sold at the Bankrupts Sale, but not for the Benefit of their Creditors, as they could not be a Part of the Estate, being brought there so long after the Estate was in the Possession of the Assignees; and the Officers firmly believe, that the Intention of the Goods being sent to Messieurs Riley's andy Wall's was, from the supposed Advantage that would accrue from having them fieemingly sold as the Bankrupts Effects, by the Contrivance of Shepley, who might then think they Would hereafter be free from Seizure.

With respect to that Part of the Goods that were seized in the House of Mr. Cullen, Greek Street, Soho, our Officers have reported. That, on his being acquainted with their Business, he very readily shewed them the Goods; and acquainted them, that all he had to do in that Matter, was to be paid for Warehouse Room, during the Time they were on his Premises; and that, when he was first applied to for Warehouse Room, he understood it was for a small Quantity; but to his great Aftqnishment there wa5 brought these 13 loaded Carfs, or upwards, packed full of Cabinet Work; and Cullen declared, That the Cabinet Work which the Officers found was all that was then in his Possession, but that it was not a Thirtieth Part of what was first brought to him; and that, had he known the Quantity had been so large, he would not; have (uffered them to have been brought to his Warehouse; for he was not employed in the least as a Cabinet Maker, either to furnifti, or in any respect to work on, the said Goods: And he 10d the Officers, that very large Quantities of the said Furniture, Loads have b.een delivered at different Times by him, in consequence of his receiving written Orders for that Purpose (One of which he produced) but always in the same State they came to him, Without any Alteration whatever; but Where they went, or to whom, he did not know; and that he had never been employed ki a Tradesman by Baron Berlindy And after repeated. That he thought it a great Hard ship on the Trade in general, and very extraordinary in-any Persons so aflt a Tradcfmafi to furnifti Warehotife Room lor Foreign Manufactures, and not even-employ him to finish tile fame; or Words to that Effect; which he observed was no other than'to tell him to his Face, 1 will not employ you as a Manufacturer, but I shall be obliged to you, if you will furnifti me with Warehouse Room to depotit Foreign Manufacture in.

The Seizure at Mr. Cobb's was made in the Public* Sale Room, which the Officers alledge they can prove were then to be sold; and that they law the Goods in March last, with a tnuch greater Quantity, and the Prices affixed thereon, amounting 'to upwards of £. 3,000. Upon the whole, as these Seizures were made by the particular Information of the Committed of Cabinet Makers, and tlierd is no Reason to suppose the Goods could be intended for thd JFufniture cf 4 X Barou

354 2° Junii. A. 1773.

Baron Berlindy*s House, the Time of his Privilege

being expired, we are of Opinion the Prosecution, which we have directed, should go on; and we have ordered the Officers, who have been served with a Copy of a Writ on Account of the said Seizures, to be defended at the Crown’s Charge.

Signed H. P. T.B.

Custom House, London,

28th July 1773.

Lift of Goods seized at Messieurs Wall and Riley's.

May it please your Honours,

On the 3d of July we seized in Sherrard Street, by Information of being run, the following Goods:

A Quantity of curled Hair, weighing 15 Cwt. 23 lb.

7 Circular Slab Frames, gilt and burniflied, with Marble Slabs for the fame.

One variegated Commode, with a Marble Slab for its Top.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Jn° Brooke,

9th July 1772.

Alex'

Thi/ Oakley.

The above-mentioned Goods are in the Warehouse.

J. Needham.

76 Chair Fronts complete.

74 Single Back Feet, one of which is broke.

10 Backs put together.

16 Stumps and Side Rails joined.

16 Streachers put together.

26 Elbows single.

24 Cane Seats.

22 Back Rails.

14 Side Rails.

9 Front Rails.

8 Top Rails.

19 Front Feet and Stumps together.

5 Fronts of Sophas.

2 Backs of D°.

Tapestry for 12 armed Chairs complete},

6 Cockades for Beds - - - - *

6 Chair Frames put together, the Top Ornaments all damaged.

16 Cabriole Chairs.

10 Bergers, and One Chair without Arms.

5 Confidents.

19 Cabriole Chairs.

3 Chairs put together.

18 Arm’d Chairs, fluffed and covered with Canvas.

24 Marble Slabs.

The above Chairs that are put together are not complete, as the Pieces that are wanting could not be found on the Premises.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Brooke,

» W. Brice,

7uy 1772, Alex' Strachan,

1"ho* Oakley.

The above Goods are in the Warehouse.

J. Needham.

To the Solicitor,

By Order of the Commissioners,

10 th July. Edwd Stanley.

As this is a Claim made as a Foreign Minister, it is humbly submitted, 1 mean only as the Goods claimed by Monsieur Pignatelli; but I do not fee any Objection to prosecute the Remainder.

G. Medcalfe.

10, 1772. v

loth July.

Prosecute the Whole.

E.H.

Lift of Goods seized at Mr. Cullen's,

May it please your Honours,

We seized on the 4th July, at Mr. Cullen's, in Greek Street, Soho, the following Goods:

87 Chairs unput together.

6 Large Sophas unput together.

72 Chair Frames, 2 of which are disabled.

7 Boxes of Brass Nails, weighing 1 Cwt. 471b.

A Lift of Goods seized at Mr. s.

May it please your Honours,

On the 6th of July we seized at Mr. Cobb's, in St. Martins Lane, the following Cabinet Goods:

A Writing Table - ----- N" 151

One D°, with a Cabinet on its Top - - - N° 149

62

A Commode, with a Marble Slab - - - N° 5564

Price O. I. M. n A Coin, with a Marble Slab - -

One Ditto, with Ditto -

A Commode, with a Marble Slab - -

One Ditto, with Ditto -

A Writing Table -

A Coin, with a Marble Slab - -

One Ditto, with Ditto -

A Writing Table -

4 Architrave Glass Frames, in Pieces, gilt.

11 Keys belonging to the abev* Commodes, &c.

All which is most humbly submitted.

Jn‘ Brooke,

W. Brice,

W. rims,

Rob1 Eyles,

Alex' Strachan, Tko‘ Oakley.

The above Goods are in the Warehouse.

J. Needham.

Lift of Goods delivered to the Baron de Berlindis, on Account of his Privilege, and of those which he has since claimed.

Goods delivered to Baron de Berlindis, on Account of his Privilege.

19 th December 1771.

One same of Twelve Plates of Glass.

12th May 1772.

Four Cafes of Thirty-one Plates, stopt; Two of which Plates were entered in the Name of Mrs. Frances Abington, per Commissioners Order, 2 2d December 1772; the Twenty-nine Plates now remaining are ordered by the Board to be sold in the Rummage Sale next June.

18 Cafes of Five Dozen of Chair Frames, with IJorfe Hair, Brass Nails, and Five hundred Yards of check’d Linen for finishing the above Frames.

Four Sophas.

Six

N° 143 56

N° 142

N°

55

4.5

N* 13}

46 N° 152 N° 142

~55 N° 143

5 6

N* 154

i3 Geo. III.

2° Junii.

355

Six Alabttfter Tables.

Four Corner Cupboards.

Four Writing Tables.

14 Parcels of Sundries, and Six Boxes for a Toilet 1

Four Tables > Inlaid.

Four Corner Cupboards }

Four Dozen of Garden Chairs, and Four Alabaftar Tables. — Delivered Order 13th May 1772.

Petitioner be then heard* by his Gounfel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

the

Duke of Beaufort’* E dates.

Greenwich

Hospital: Pri7e

Money.

Sent in, seized, by Brooks and C®.

Condemned and fold.

2 Confidantes* 5 Bergeres.

1 Commode with a Marble Slab.

2 Cones with D®

2 Glass Frames, carved and gilt.

2 Marble Slabs, carved and gilt.

61 Chairs in Pieces.

2 Sophas.

Chairs.

2 Fronts and Backs for Sophas.

16 Chair Frames, and sundry odd Bitts.

48,000 Brass Nails.

15 Cwt. iqr. 141b. Curled Hair.

Condemned and not fold.

3 Commodes with Marble Slabs.

2 Cones with D®.

4 Small Writing Tables.

2 Glai’s Frames, carved and gilt.

5 Marble Slabs with gilt Frames.

6 Sophas in Pieces.

10 3 Chair Frames in Pice s.

3 Fronts for Sopfeas.

22 Cane Chair Bottoms.

70 Fronts, Backs, and Rails, for Chairs, and 21 Marble Slabs.

1 Ditto broke.

Sent in, seized by Messieurs and C®, and claimed

in the Name of ’Thomas Law.

16 Chairs.

5 Bergeres, and Part of 1 o D®.

3 Confidents, and Part of 5 D®.

7 Cabriole Chairs, and Part of 19 D®.

18 Armed Chairs, fluffed and carved.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Stephen Fulle, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the better securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at , all for-

feited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money remaining in the Hands of Agents, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward IJIands, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof; and setting forth, That the Petitioner conceives the said Bill is, in every respect, partial, arbitrary, unconstitutional, unprecedented, and liable to all the Objections of a retrospective Law, and, if suffered to become an Act of Parliament, will be an Invasion of the most valued Rights and Privileges of the Subject, and a most dangerous and evil Example: And therefore praying, on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the Island of Jamaica, that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Vol. 34.

Mr. Bofcaiven reported from the Committee, to whom ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates strictly intailed by the Will of the Most noble Charles AW late Duke of Beaufort, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Wyldborereported from the Committee, to whom Tid Saint

the Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Giles, &c. Grounds, in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newton, DrainaSe-in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 16 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of apout 51 Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained consists of about Five thousand Three hundred Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placd; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Louis’* for naturalizing Jacques, otherwise James Louis, an In- Nat* fant, under the Age of Eighteeen Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cator, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Samuel Adams, of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has erected many great and expensive Buildings, within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Andrew Holborn, and Saint; and

that many of the said Houses are already finished; and the Petitioner is proceeding to complete the Remainder, and has necessarily incurred great Expences, and contracted large Debts, which he is unable at present to discharge; and great Sums of Money are still wanting, to finish the said Undertaking; but, by reason of the Scarcity of Money, and the general Stagnation of Credit, he has been constrained to proceed very slowly in the Prosecution of the said Plan, during the Course of

the

Samuel

Adams's

Buildings.

Order of the Day. East India Aff&iru

Call of the House, deferred.

Tonnage; Oak Bark; Drawback* Sec.

ct° Junii.

j. 1773,

the last Year, and is unable to dispose of such Houses and Buildings as are already finished, at reasonable Prices; and being obliged to pay Interest for great Sums of Money already expended, together with ieve-ral large Ground Rents, he finds it impossible to procure Money to complete the unfinithed Part of the said Buildings, which mull soon fall into Decay, to the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, and great Loss of his Creditors, unless the Petitioner is enabled to dispose of his Property, under the' Sanction of Parliament, by some other Way than the Common Method of Sale; and that the Petitioner has endeavoured by every Means to dispose of his Property, at fair and reasonable Prices, for the Benefit of his Creditors, and had the greatest Reason to hope that he should have been able to have done the fame, had it not been for the many and repeated Shocks which private Credit has lately met with, whereby every Attempt the Petitioner has made has proved abortive, which he had no Reason to apprehend, till after the Time was elapsed for presenting Petitions to the House; and as Delay still involves the Petitioner in greater Distress, by the Accumulation of Ground Rents, and Interest of Money; and as many of the Petitioner’s Creditors are become extremely urgent for Payment of their Debts, a Delay to another Session of Parliament might be attended with the utter Ruin of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to permit a Petition to be presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, notwithstanding the Day limited by the House for presenting Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Samuel Adams;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight," and inserting the Words " Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Word " Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof j for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to thefuing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have anfen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British made Cordage, exported to the Islands of MadeiraThe Canary , and

The Azores or Western Islands;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday

7

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to F.in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* "r upon the BilUto permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador'-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . Salt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- im^J^!c,nt0 on the BilWor further continuing an Act, made in the u Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Stamp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Dut, es on the Bill for explaining Two Acts, made in the Ele- New°-papers. venth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ea<l resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affairs* to consider further of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in’

Europe;

A Petition of the several Persons tjjiofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others who have Property in the East Indies, was pre fented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That the Petitioners have great Part of their Property in India; and that, by the said Bill, every Kind of Transaction, either by Remittance or otherwise, with Foreign Companies, or Foreigners settled at Bengal, being prohibited, such Property will be virtually confifeated; and that the Petitioners hope, that they may not be restrained from the Exercise of that Right, which every British Subject enjoys, of remitting his Fortune from all Parts of the World, in the Manner he conceives most advantageous to himself, and from embracing the most ad-, vantageous Means that may offer for realizing their Property in England: And therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Spirituous the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effec- sUk^Calii-

tually coes, &c.

13 Geo. III. 2° — 3° 357

tually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted* Rained, or dyed* in Great Britain, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

Jovis, 30 Junii;

Anno 13° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773* Prayers*

TVnpike f\Rdered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

Koidst the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes; was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing the Surveyors of Turnpike Roads to dig for Gravel, making Compensation to the Owners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule containing the Forms of Proceedings.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

J.ouis’s Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Isat- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacques, otherwise James Louis, an Infant, under the Age of Eighteen Years, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Richmond Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fridge. tc resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of ’Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the county of ; and to

enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 34.

Sir Francis Viikentreported from the Committee, That

they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, on Behalf of the Petition of Henry Holland; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affairs, to consider further of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly-;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chait.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive th® fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fufikient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bankers resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Estates. the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. v*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ba»k . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Notes or Billi the Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee of the Spirituou whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; coe* Ac* and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes,

Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

4 Y read

35» 3* — 7* 7mii' A. 1773.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One"; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpffed.

Ordered, That Mr. P have I-eave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Stock- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to jobbing, whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, was committed, be taken into further ConGderationupon Monday Morning nett.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn5-idg next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 70 die Jutiii $

Anno 13* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773* Pratkrs.

Account fiRdered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered: Account of such Slaves, Goods, Wares, and Mer-

Jamaica and chandize, that have been imported into the several Dominican pree established in the Islands of Jamaica and

Dominica, as have paid the Duties imposed by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and " Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for grant-u ing certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; " for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said ltland of Dominica '* into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other " British Colony;" together with the gross and nett Amount of such Duties, and of the Expences incurred by Means of the said Free Ports; distinguishing each Port and each Year; and also an Account of all Live Cattle that have been imported into the said Free Ports.

Dominica. A Petition of John Esquire, Agent for the

(Expiring I (land of Dominica, was presented to the House, and ^*w‘l read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has received a Memorial from the Commander in Chief, and the Council and Assembly, of the said Island, addressed to the House, taking Notice, That an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and establishing certain Ports in ^he Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; foi granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony, will expire on the First Day of November 1773, or at the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and setting forth. That the said Act is, in many Respects, highly beneficial to the Kingdom of Great Britain, and to the said Island, by increasing the Navigation, the Consumption of Manufactures, and occasioning a general Improvement and Advantage to Trade and Plantations, by which His Majesty’s Revenue is considerably augmented; and x

that the Conveniencies or Inconveniencies arising from new Acts of Parliament are seldom discovered till they are put in Force; and that, although it is evidently clear, from the general Tenor of the said Act, that it was calculated and meant by the Legislature to benefit the said Island, as well as the Mother Country, yet there are several Clauses therein, that clalh very much with the Landed Interest of the said Colony, and lay particular Hardships upon its Inhabitants; and that the Duty of Thirty Shillings on every Slave imported, and of Sixpence on every Barrel of Beef, Pork, and Firkin of Butter, is considered to be very detrimental to the Interest of the said Island; and that the Memorialists conceive, the Parliament never intended those Duties should fall on the Inhabitants, but on Foreigners, who, for being readily supplied with SlaVes and Provisions, would chearfully pay a Duty for such Convenience; and that, by the said Act, the Duty on Slaves is not confined to those imported from Africa only; consequently it has been demanded of, ‘and paid by. Inhabitants who have had Occasion to bring seasoned Slaves from their Ellatcs in the other Islands, to make new Settlements in the said Island of Dominica, and even on all Negro Tradesmen, hired for certain Times, and brought by their Renters, being Mailer Workmen engaged to come from the neighbouring Islands to erect Works and other Buildings, who are frequently returned, and, on new Engagements being made by their Renters or Mailers, pay the Duty on every Return, which is found a Grievance, greatly detrimental to the Settlement of the said Colony; and therefore the Memorialists wish, and hope, that, in case the said Act is continued, the Duties on Slaves and Provisions may be laid on the Exportation to Foreign Islands, which would ease the said Colony much, without lessening His Majesty’s Revenue, and put them on a Footing with the Island of Jamaica, and in Time be the Means of increasing Shipping, Cultivation, and Trade; and the Memorialists represent, that they cannot account for the Difference that was made between the Two Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, unless Dominica was then considered only as a convenient Place for Trade with Foreigners; and if that was the Cafe, the great Quantity of Land sold by His Majesty’s Commissioners, the large Exports of the Produce of the said Island of Dominica, and the Number of Sugar and Coffee Estates now under Culture, fully Ibew its now interior Consequence to the Mother Country, and proves to a Demonstration, that it gives place in no respect to any of the British Windward Islands, and that the Landed Interest is equal to the Trade of it; and that the respective Clause, which prevents the Exportation of European Commodities from the said Island of Dominica to any British Island, tends equally to the Prejudice of the Trade of all the said Islands; for, in case of a Redundancy of Provisions, it must be totally loft to the Merchant, or sold to Foreigners at an under Value, who, well knowing of the Hardships thrown upon them in this respect, are too apt to take an Advantage of an Over Supply; and that a melancholy Instance of the Effect of that Part of the Act has lately happened; for, although they had, at the Time of the late Hurricane in the Leeward Islands, Abundance of European Salt Provisions, yet they could only pity the Misfortunes and Distresses of the Inhabitants, without the Power of assisting them; and that another Inconvenience arising from the Clause is, that it prohibits the Exportation of that valuable and ule-ful Commodity Mill Timber, from the said Island of Dominica, to any British Islands, whereby immense Sums are carried to Foreigners; and that Article, which might be profitable to them, is rendered quite useless, and becomes a total Loss; and that the Clause in the Act, whereby Coffee and Cocoa, the Produce of the said Island of Dominica, are esteemed Foreign Commodities, liable to the same Duties, Regulations, and

Entries,

13 GeO. IlL

Entries, which amount to a Prohibition of their Consumption in Great Britain, is a particular Hardship on the Planters, and makes such an unnatural Distinction, that they are Upon no Kind of Footing with those of the other Islands; and that thence arises, notwithstanding the Vigilance of the Custom House OfEcers, the infamous Practice of Smuggling, and felling those Articles of Produce to Foreigners rather than export them to the Mother Country; to remedy which, Coffee and Cocoa should (they apprehend) be allowed to be exported in the same Manner as certificated Rum and Sugar; and that it is evident, from daily Experience* that a Coffee or Cocoa Plantation is settled at One-third of the Expence necessary for the Settlement of a Sugar Estate; and that a small Quantity of Lands in either of the first Commodities* will afford a comfortable Support to a Planter and his Family; and therefore they conceive, that, instead of making those Commodities Foreign, as they now are* some Encouragement from the Mother Country for the Cultivation of Coffee and Cocoa would be highly advantageous to its Manufactures and Commerce, and greatly, tend to the Increase of the White Inhabitants of the said Island of Dominica, an Object which appears to have been very early attended to by Government; and representing to the House* that Labour in that Country )s procured at a most exorbitant Rate, and much more so, perhaps, than in any other Part of the World; that, in curing and preparing the Article of Coffee, a great Number of Slaves are required, which Slaves would be more advantageously employed in increasing the Cultivation of this Commodity, was it made lawful to import it into Great Britain in the Berry or Shell, paying Duty for the Nett Coffee only, in which State it would receive no Damage in the Carriage, and the Quality would be preferred so as to make it equal to any East India or Turkey Coffee, and be the Means of giving Bread to many poor People in Great iaiu, who would consequently be employed in cleaning it for Market* besides adding to the Demand of the coarse Linen Manufacture (Coffee in the Shell being generally sent Home in Bags) as well as a great Convenience to Freight in the Stowage of Ships, and an Increase to the Number of Vessels employed in carrying it to Great Britain; and that, at the Time the Petitioner received the said Memorial, he also received Directions to cause the same to be laid before the House; but the Petitioner is advised the said Memorial cannot be presented to the House, on account of the Informality thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; And that the said Act may be continued, with Amendments, agree* able to the Purport of the said Memorial.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

559

" gal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent " the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting " from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for " calling in and sinking the fame."

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingtoffed Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in be-

ing, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the moire effectually rest raining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be, An Act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp, or Seal, used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linerts, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Skipzoith reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Ef^uire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Dies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction, of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipzvith do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

7* jrniu

Faper Bills An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made of Credit, in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, (America.) " An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter " to be issued, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or " Plantations in America, from being declared to be a " legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent " the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting " from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame," was read the Third

rfV

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to " be issued, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a le* Vol. 34.

A Bill for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, by limiting the Time for killing and destroying of Hares, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth. Sir Charles Whitworth, stre.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s

Turnpike

itoads.

Spirituous Liquors; Silks, Callicoes, Sec.

Adderley’a

Estates.

Paper

additional

Duty.

Game,

&c.

A^,

3<So

Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Bank Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House otesor Billi. ref0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Stock. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into jobbing, Consideration the Report from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Richmond Ordered ', That the Order, made upon last,

for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Rick)tend, in the County of , to the opposite Shore in the county of ; and to

enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill:

Tid An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain

Saint Giles, Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of in the County of

rainage. bridge, and in Tid Saint s, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Land* and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mean*. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

A. 1773.

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis 8° dieJunii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Pr a xERS.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act West for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Willoughby Fields and Lands, Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, DC ° ure‘ within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of Ancaster, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hooknorton, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- n oore" mon Groufids, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknortonand Southrop, in the County of Oxford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Dittfe. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Hooknorton and Southrop, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 35.7 Leave out " Summer," and insert 36. J " First or Second" instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 15. Leave out from "aforesaid" to "them" in Line 18.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to Earl of Scar-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An borough’s Act for discharging the Manor of Greenfield, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scar- borough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-. ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir

70 — 8° Junii.

Bank Notes or Bills.

Culm, Exportation of to Lifbou.

Greenwich

Hospital: (Prize Money.}

Dog

Stealing.

Messrs. Adam’s Adelphi, &c, /Buildings.

TT

13 Ge6. III. 8 ° Juni' 361

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hopfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of " the Exportation of Culm to in the Kingdom

of Portugal;" and for charging a higher Duty upon

Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tire said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwic, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, th t West Indies, and Leeward Islandsand to

compel the more speedy Payment thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be then heard, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for the Island of Jamaica.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing the stealing of Dogs," was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of George WyatAbraham Adams, William Scott, William Lyjler, Edmund Rush, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are by Profession Architects and Build--ers, and Owners of several Dwelling Houses and Buildings, in the Pari (lies of Saint Martin in the . Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Mary-le-bone, Saint Pan-eras, and other Places, in the county of ;

and have . laid out very large Sums of Money on l'uch Buildings; and that the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is depending, for enabling John, Robert, James,

Vql. 34.

and William, Adam, to dispose of their several House$ an'cf Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Elfefts, by way of Chance; and that the Petitioners apprehend, their Property in Houses and Buildings will be greatly aftefted, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it tends to give an unjust Preference to the said Messieurs Adam, in the Dif-position of their Houses, Buildings, and Elfefts, in regard that the Petitioners, and all other Builders, arc precluded by Law from uling the same Method: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against; the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling John, Robert, James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middle-

sex, and other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel*be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Lieutenant General Robert Monckton was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe-, and that the' Petitioner is informed, that it is proposed to fill One of the Blanks of the said Bill with the Name of some Person in a Military Character, as One of the Supreme Council for the Government of the Company’s Territories in that Part of the World; and setting forth. That the Petitioner has been employed in some of the . most memorable Services in the late Wars, and Twice received the Thanks of this House; and that he has been duly elected to the Office of Supervisor, chiefly . with a View to Military Arrangement, by the Directors of the East India Company, which Choice was approved by the Body of Proprietors; but the Effect of that Choice has been suspended by an Act of Parliament; and that His Majesty had given the Petitioner His Royal Permission to accept the said Office; and that the Petitioner hopes, that, if it should seem expedient to the House to alter the Mode of the Supervision lately suspended, they will not fix so disgraceful a Mark upon the Character and Conduct of the Petitioner, as to take away the Trull now legally re-posed in him, for the Purpose of naming another Military Person to execute an Office of a similar Nature under another Name; and that the Petitioner does not presume to remind the House of his Service, his Sufferings, or his Successes, in the Line of his Duty, nor would he oppose himself to the Pretensions of any other Gentleman; but, as he Hands already appointed by the East India Company, with His Majesty’s Leave and Approbation, he apprehends he cannot be let alide without a strong implied Censure, which, he trulls, he has not merited from the Representatives of his Country: And therefore requests to be nominated by Parliament to the Military Department of the said Council.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 21st Day of November 1759, i{ That the Thanks of this House be given to the Admirals and Generals employed in the glorious and

successful Expedition against Quebec-, and that Mr. " Speaker do communicate the same to the said Actmirals and Generals," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

4Z The

East rridia Affairs. (General Monckton;)

feast India Aftairs — (Proprfctors of Siock.)

362 86 Junk. . 1773,

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 28th Day of January 1760, of the Speaker’s acquainting the House, "That, " in obedience to their Commands, he had written to " Brigadier General Monckton, in America; and Com-' municated to him the Thanks of the House, ptirfuant " to the Resolution the House had come to (that the " Thanks of the House be given to the Admirals and " Generals employed in the glorious and successful Ek-pedition against Quebec") might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 6th Day of May 1762, That the Thanks of this House be given to the * honourable Major General the Services

he has done tp his King and Country in the " Indies; and that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition of Lieutenant General Robert Monckton do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in , was Committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the East India Company, possessed of £. 500, or more, but less than £. 1,000, of the Capital Stock Of the said Company, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was prefettted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, by the Charter granted to the East India Company by his late Majesty King William, arid since that Time repeatedly recognized and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, in Consideration of many large Sums of Money lent, or otherwise advanced, by the said Company, to the Public, ate legally possessed of a Right of voting at any General Court of the said Company, for the Election of Directors, the making of Bye Laws, or in any other Matter relating to the Affairs or Government of the said Company; and that the Petitioners find, that, by an Alteration made in a Clause in the Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as ih Europe, they are to toe deprived of that Right, and of every Degree of Influence in the Management of To considerable a Property; and that, notwithstanding the false and groundlels Aspersions which have been thrown out against so great a Number of the Petitioners, which they trust the House will not makea Ground of Proceeding to affect their Rights, while unsupported by Evidence, the Petitioners, who are, bona , Proprietors in their own Right, represent to the House, that ho Persons can be more interested to prevent such illegal Practices, whereby their best Endeavours for the Good of the Company are liable so be defeated by the undue Influence of a few wealthy Proprietors-, and that an Act passed in the Year 1767, obliging the Proprietors to hold their Qualifications Six Months at least before they should have a Right to vote; and that the Company, being still further desirous to effectuate the Purposes of that Act, havedireftfed an Application to be made to Parliament, for extending the Time prescribed by the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, from Six to Twelve Months; and that the Petitioners, willing that every real Remedy may be applied to this Evil, are desirous that all the other Provisions of the said Bill now depending, for preventing collusive Transfers (except the Increase of the Qualification of the Voters, which cannot answer that Purpose) should pass into a Law; which Provisions, together with the Extension of the Time to Twelve Months, must effectually put a Stop to that Practice, which has already been in a great Degree prevented by the Operation of the said Act made in 1

1767; and that the proposed Increase of the Qualify cation of the Votets cannot in any Degree contribute to the End desired, but will rather facilitate than discourage so pernicious a Practice; and that it is evident that the real Effect of the said Clause will be, the throwing the Power of the Company into the Hands of a few opulent Men; while the only effectual Balance to such an Oligarchy, by the Exertions of independent Proprietors of moderate Fortunes* will be totally destroyed; and that the Petitioners conceive* the Alteration now proposed cannot be supported upon any Principles of Expediency, or ahy just Arguments respecting the purposse. for which it is professed to be intended: And therefore hope the House will give them Leave to be heard* by themselves* in Support of their own legal Rights, against the said Bill, which, without Consent, Compensation made, or Charge of Delinquency proved, deprives so great a Number of Proprietors of the Fran-chises which they have purchased under the Faith of Parliament, and has not the Excuse of Public Necessity, or even Utility, to palliate so violent an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of Alexander Dalrymple, Esquirfe, was pre-feftted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is a Proprietor of £. 500 East India Stock, under Faith of the Charter granted by his late Majesty King William, with the Consent of Parliament, for a

valuable Consideration paid to the Public, and confirm-fed by divers Act of Parliament, particularly by an Act passed in the Third Year of King George the Second; wherein the Rights of the Company are fully established and clearly explained, in Consideration of a specific Sum then paid by the said Company to the Public; and that the Rights to which, as a Proprietor of India Stock, he is entitled, under the Sandiion of a Bargain with the Public, cannot be taken from him without his Consent; and that the Bill now depending in Parliament, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, would, if passed into a Law, deprive the Petitioner of his Rights and Property; and therefore he trusts in the Justice of the House, that the same will not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was cdhimitted, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, was committed, be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And foifie of the Petitioners, Proprietors of the East India Company, possessed of £. 500, or more, but less than £. 1,000 of the Capital Stock of the said Company, whose Names are lubscribed to the Petition this Day presented to the House, in Behalf of themselves and others, were in Part heard.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in, and further heard.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

AMotion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it does not appear to this Hotife, that the Proprietors of £. 500 Capital Stock in the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies,

have

t

Ditto. (Mr. Dalrymple.)

Ditto*

8° Jmii, $6 3

13 Geo. III.

have been guilty of any Delinquency in the Exercise of their Charter Rights, according to the several Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf j

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be again called in, and directed to proceed to state to the Hcfafe the Whole of what they have to say in Support of their Petition.

They were accordingly again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And they were further heard.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. 13. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 3.1. 13. was read a Second Time, and amended.

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdfen for J i,3.

Teller, so, the Noes, JJj; jj*, . J 4J.

So it was refolded in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 13.1. 20. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 13.1. 20. was read a Second Time, and amended, by inferring, after the Word " Barristers" the Words " in England or ."

An Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding thereto " or Members of 4* the College of Advocates exercent in Doctors Commons, or Members of the Faculty of Advocates in Scotland "

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

Tbs Yeas went forth.

Tellers for, he Yeas, } 6.

Tellers for the Noes, j j >93-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that the major Part of the Governor General and Council shall decide; and, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Governor General, or eldest Counsellor, to have a calling Vote.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Time of the Commencement of the Salaries of the Governor General and Council, Chief Justice and Judges.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,. Vol. 34.

to permit CoUnfellors, Physicians, and Surgeons, to receive Fees in the way of their Profession.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for permitting Persons, prohibited by the Act from trading, to collect in their outstanding Debts, and dispose of their Effects.

And the said Clause was Twice read With Blanks; which bring filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; directing the Governor General, and Council, to transmit Copies of all Orders and Regulations to the Secretary of State, to be approved or disapproved of by the King.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, forgiving a greater Number of Votes to each Proprietor, in proportion to his Quantity of Stock.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for extending the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, to Suits against the Inhabitants and Natives of on Contract, where the Cause of Action exceeds 500 Current Rupees, and where such Native shall have agreed; by such Contract, to submit to the Decision or that Jurisdiction.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Appeal on any interlocutory Order shall delay proceeding in that Cause, unless the Appellant shall undertake to put the Whole of his Cause on the Event of such Appeal.

And the said Clause was Twice read;

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added tcythe Bill; relating to the Election of the Sheriff.

Ana the Question being put, That the said Clause be! brought up;

It paired in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Trial of Civil Causes, in the Supreme Court, shall be by Jury, as soon as the Circumstances of the Settlement will admit.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That there shall be no Exemption from the Payment of Duties on Trade in Bengal,&c.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Duties shall be laid on Cotton, or other Raw Materials, imported into Bengal, or on the Exportation of the Manufactures from thence.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person, not convicted of any Crime or Misdeameanour, shall be tefufed a Licence to trade in Bengal; and that no Covenant Servant of the Company shall be

Richmond

Bridge.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

8° — K>° Junii.

4- 1773-

be ordered to remove to , but under the Re-

ftri&ions therein mentioned.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up.

It palfed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill, as far as the Blank which was left by the Committee, in Fo. 11. 1. 7; which Blank was filled up with the Name " Warren Haft Esquire."

Then the House proceeded to fill the First Blank, left also by the Committee, in Fo. 11.1. 8. uyth the Names of Persons to be the Four Counsellors.

And the Name of Lieutenant General John Clavering being proposed to be there inserted, as One of the said Counsellors;

And the Question being proposed. That the Name of Lieutenant General John Clavering be there inserted j

The previous Question was put (in order to introduce the Name of Lieutenant General Robert Moncktonj That the said proposed Question (for inserting the Name of Lieutenant General John Clavering) be now put.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for (he Yeas,*££ ""J?

{Mr. Thomas 7

Junior, £ 60.

General: J

So it was tefolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Name of Lieutenant General John Clavering be there inserted, as One of the said Four Counsellors;

It was resolved in the Affirmative; and his Name was inserted accordingly.

And then the Names of the honourable George Monson, Richard Barwell, Esquire, and Philip Esquire, were inserted in the said Bill, as the other Three Counsellors.

Then Teveral other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time u,pon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yester-dayyfor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To-morfow Morning, to consider further of the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons to be therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the laicl Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -to consider further of the said Bill.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The_other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Manufacture whom the Petition of the Manufacturers and others employed in the Silk Manufacture, was referred, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- East India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole! Affairs. House, to take into further Consideration the Affairs of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* Tonnage; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °ak Bark; House, upon the Bill for the better ascertaining the ^ra"^ack* Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, cm* hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British-made Cordage, exported to the Islands of

Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores, or West&n Islands.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Fishery: ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of a>’ c Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chalewr Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- . Salt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iing>rtfd, nl(V House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, ec*

made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present:

Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Stamp ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutles House, upon the Bill for explaining Two Acts, made News-paprn. in the Eleventh Year of the lteiga of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relatidtj to the Stamp Duties upon. Newspapers.

And then the House, having continued to fit till a Quarter past One of the Clock on Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved. That the Order macleYefter-day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

t

Jovis, 10° die Junii;

Anno 13® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BiR, intituled, An Act KJngflon-for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon-Thame*

upon Thames, in the County of Surrey; and for remov- bighting,&c. ing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments,

an.4

Moor, or Hill Game.

Game

(Scotland.)

Bank Notes, or Bills.

Richmond

Bridge.

Stock-

jobbing.

East Indja Cnmpany’s Relief.

Adultery*

13 Geo. III. " 10° ymii.

and Nuisances, therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor, or Hill Game; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prefefvation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes, or Bills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes, or Bills j and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes, or Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of sex \ and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

the said Committee, why such Action was not brought, or such Judgment was not obtained.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of the House.

Ordered, That tfiere be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Scale Board imported into this Kingdom, since the ift Day of January 1767, as far as the Lame can be made up,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Painted or Stained Paper, which has been stamped, since the ift Day of January 1767.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of-Painted or Stained Paper, which has been exported, since the ill Day of January 1767.

Pr. 6. 1. 32.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 26. To leave out " doth Hill prevail to a " very considerable Degree, not* " withstanding," and insert " hath " not been sufficiently prevented " by" instead thereof.

After " Ballot" to insert " and the " Oath or Affirmation, herein after " respectively prescribed, shall, as " Occasion mall require, be altered, " in such Manner as shall be ne- cefiary to comprise such Right of " voting.

To leave out " who fluB, on or. be» " fore the ift Day of October " 1773, be possessed of any Stock, " amounting to £. 1,000."

To leave out

" or her" instead thereof.

5. To leave out w laid."

7. After " Seventy-three" to insert " in " respect of any such Stock, not " amounting to less than £. 1,000, " whereof he or she shall have " been possessed, from the said ill " Day of October"

Pr. 15. 1. 10. To leave out "they," and insert " the said Company shall* instead thereof.

To leave out, " Natives," and insert " Inhabitants" instead thereof.

Pr. 18. 1. 34. After " Jurisdiction" to insert "there* " of."

Pr.

1. 35-

7. 1. 2.

1.

1.

" any," and insert " his

Pr. 17. 1. 25.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That, before any Bill of Divorce for Adultery do pass this House, Evidence be given, before the Committee to whom the said Bill shall be committed, that an Action for Damages has been brought in one of His Majesty’s Courts of Westminster Hall, against the Person supposed to be guilty of Adultery, and Judgment had thereupon , or sufficient Cause be flxewn to V ot. 34.

Pr. 24. 1. 12, After " Surgeon" to insert " or being " a Chaplain."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; 2nd the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tell", for ,he WmJ: cZ£\ } O'-

Tellers for the Now, \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5 A The

Accounts ordered s Scale Board*

Stained

Paper.

Ditto.

East India Affair*.

366

o o

IO — II

Junii.

A. 1773

Bankers* The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punching Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust;

And it being then Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on ThWa/Moriting;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

_ Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock, this Morning.

Veneris, 110;

Anno 13* Georgii ItF‘ Regis, 1773. Prayer’s.

Willoughby HP H E House proceeded to fake into Confederation Indowre. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill,

intituled, An Act for dividing and incfofing the Open and Common Fields, and Lands, Common Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of West Willoughby, in the Manor of Sud&rddke, and Parish of , in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as felloweth; inz.

Pr. 34. 1. 17. After the" insert, " said William " Roe, the Impropriator, and the." 1. 32:. After " for" insert " the said Impropriator, and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Tifne, wdre, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Sgreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed so the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Foreign Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Paper *nto Committee of the whole House, upon the

Bill for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed,

S* inted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this ingdoth.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Chatles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him it) report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Gowdall Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Wide Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of

Snaith, in the County of York; and for draining and preserving the fame, was Committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons, who are assessed for Estates within the said Township to the Constable Assessment, at 39 /. or thereabouts; and that the whole Assessment amounts to 493/. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose 9

the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment's were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Dog in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Stealing, intituled, "An Act for, preventing the Stealing of " Dogs," was read thjfThird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Ttnth Year of the Reigti of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing ,the Stealing of Dogs;" and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Richmond the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Bridge, whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River of S Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the oppositeShore, in the County of Midd; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry to the Lords the East jn ingrossed Bill for establishirtg certain Regulations, for Affair*, the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Game, whom the Bill far the better Preservation of the Game, (Hare*.) by limiting the Time for killing and destroying of Hares, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be ingrossed.

Mr, Alderman Harley, from the Committee of Se- jnd;a crecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East Affairs — India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect the Commute* of Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to re- Secrecy, port to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) acquainted the House, that the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The

13 Geo. III. n° Junii367

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session,

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Gowdall Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Lnclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of in the

Parish of Smith, in the County of York, and for draining and preserving the fame; which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think

fit-

stock- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming jobbing, the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yesterday, that the Bill to explain, amend,.and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming, do pass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Ft. 1. 1. last. To leave out "Two," and insert " Four " instead thereof.

Ft. z. 1. 17. To leave out "Two," and insert " Four " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, end the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for, he

Tellers for, he Noes,} ,7.

Soit was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, for preventing the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, and other Species of Gaming.

Ordered, That Mr. Prescott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoiford and Mr.

Brozvning:

Mr. Speaker,

Turner’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Estates. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Qoods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward 'Turner, Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregory Turner, Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects: And also.

Clergymen. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols, within that Part of Great Britain called England-, without any Amendment: And also,

TidSt-Giles, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c. Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and prainage. Grounds, in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Marys, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second East India Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be e advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of George Hodgson, Edward Gordon, and John Debonnair, Brewers, at Bow, in Middlesex (which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of February last) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Harrison (which was presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of May last) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, containing Copies of all the Minutes and Proceedings, had before the Commissioners for Discovery of Longitude at Sea, relative to any Application made by John Harrison, for the Reward granted for the Discovery of Longitude a£

Sea, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charlks Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the the Riling of Adjournment, the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order made upon T"last, for Greenwich the Second Reading of the Bill for the -better securing DHofPl.tal ’ to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich-, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies, and Leeward Islands -, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, upon Monday Morning next, be now read.

And the said( Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thtcrfday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House W*y*«d to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mem*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And

D ized by t

368 1114* Juttii. ^.1773.

And the said Ordering read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duty payable upon the Importation of Negroes into the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, and of the Re-exportation of Coffee, Cocoa, and Coffee in the Hulk, which shall have been imported into the said Island.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account of the Annual Drawbacks of Excise on printed (Callicoes.) Callicoes exported, at the Rate of Sixpence per Square Yard; and also, an Account of the Drawbacks of Excise on Linens and Cottons exported, at the Rate of Three Pence per Square Yard, for Ten Years last part.

Bankers. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Estates of Bankers liable to the Payment of their Partnership Debts; and for further punishing Bankers Clerks for Breach of Trust, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14* Junii;

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Pr avers.

Gowdall A N ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. /jL Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Tewnship of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, and for draining and preferring the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York, and for draining and preserving the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

..___. flefblved. That an humble Addrefe be presented to

bSnihe His Majesty, That He will begracioully pleased to give Plaatttkm*. Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such general Instructions as have been given to His Majesty’s Governors in the Plantations, iefpedling the

permitting add allowing Appeals from any of the Courts of Common Law in such Plantations to the Governor and Council, or from the Governor to His Majesty in Council; as allb Copies of all such special Instructions to the said Governors, as have made Alterations, or have given any special Directions, on the Matter of such general Instructions, and the Proceedings thereon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Francis Vincent, according to Order, reported from Richmond the Committee of the whole House, to whom the BnclSe- Bill for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons, to be therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Commissioners to begin and finish the Bridge within a limited Time:

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was,- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Compensation to be made to Mr.

Holland, on Account of the Ferry.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for Adams the hearing of Counsel upon the Petition of George Adelphi, Wyatt, Abraham Adams, William Scott, William Lyster,

Edmund Rush, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the Bill for enabling John,

Robert, James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors; and also the Order for the hearing of Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, be difefiarged.

Mr. Thomas Walpole reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.; f «

Tellers for the Noes,} fee.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr.

13 Geo. III. 140

Mr. Thomas Walpole accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Shares of the Company in the Schedule, being severally read a Second Time, were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Question being put, to agree with the Committee in so much of the Schedule as relates to the Shares in the Carron Company; ,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr- >

i eners for the I eas,( Mr: } ?1 *

(Mr. Thomas

Junior, J 30.

Mr. Hotham; )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, to agree with the Committee in so much of the Schedule as relates to the Statues and Pieces of Antiquity;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.) M } »*

Tellers for the Noes,* } 3 >

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.’

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for securing to the Purchasers of fortunate Tickets the Prizes, by compelling Messrs. Adam to enter into a Bond, with a Penalty to the Amount of the Value of the Effects.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Harrifott, of Red Lion having, under

the Encouragement of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for granting a Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea," applied himself with unremitting Industry, for the Space of Forty-eight Years, to the making an Instrument for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea; and having constructed a Time-keeper for that Purpose, and discovered the Principles of constructing the fame, by which other Time-keepers have been already made, and found to answer with great Exaftriefs; from which Discovery, it is apprehended, that great Benefit will arise to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; is highly deserving of public Encouragement and Reward.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be paid, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, out of any Sums of MoDey now in his Hands, to the said John Harrison, as a further Reward and Encouragement, over and above the Sums already received by him, for his said Invention of a Time-keeper, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Vol. 34.

Junii. 369

Time, were, upon the Question severally ptlt thereupon; agreed to by the House.

4

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whotn it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ih at the Clerk’s Table: Where thef same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds b* raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the S&th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and " establishing certain Ports in the lllands of Jamaica and " Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting " certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening,

" maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports;

" for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica " into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon " Goods imported from the said Island into any other " British Colony," which was to continue in Force until the First Day of November 1773, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That-the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable for every Negro which shall be imported into the lllands of Jamaica and Dominica, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in Lieu of the said Duty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence; Sterling Money, be paid for every Negro which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That Coffee, Cocoa, and Coffee in the Hulk (the Pro--duce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America) be allowed to be imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Subsidy or -Duty be paid upon One Seventh Part of the Weight of all Coffee in the Hulk, (the Pro-, duce of the Island of Dominica, or of any British Colony or Plantation in America) which shall be. imported into Great Britain.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Tfce Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto; by leaving out the Word " lllands," and inserting the Word " Island" instead thereof; and by leaving out " Jamaica and, " and after " " to insert " and

" also the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable " for every Negro which shall be exported from the " Island of Jamaica

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That

5 B the

Ways and Means.

Foreign Stained, &c. Paper.

Spirituous Liquors, Silks, &c.

Ways and gleans.

370 14 6 Junit.^.1773.

the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable for every Negro which shall be imported into the liland of Dominica, and also the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, payable for every Negro which shall be exported from the Island of Jamaica, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, " And also a Duty of " Two Shillings and Six Pence, Sterling Money, for " every Negro which shall be exported from the said " Island of Jamaica''

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, in Lieu of the said Duty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for every Negro which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica; and also a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, Sterling Money, for every Negro which shall be exported from the said Island of Jamaica.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by. the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Five last of the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whit-worth. Sir William Mr. John Stewart, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein, for allowing Timber and Wood (the Growth or Produce of the Island of Dominica )to be exported from the said Island, and to be landed in any of the other British Islands.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into thia Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish aijd Mr. Pecheti:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually restraining the Retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal, uled for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of Oft ober 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of x-

Lands in the Ceded JJlands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the i ft of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in 1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners

appointed for such Sales the 18th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the general Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Charibbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented. to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica,9th April 1770" (which was presented

to the House upon the 16th Day of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please' to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, granted by an Act:' of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, upon the Exportation of Rice, imported Duty-free.

The House was moved, That the Petition of George Wyatt, Abraham Adams, William Scott, William Lyster, Edmund Rush, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling John, Robert, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of and.

other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditor?, was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, at the Third Reading thereof, if they think it.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered,

Accounts

ordered.

(Exchequer.)

Ditto.

Adams’s Adelphi, 1-c. Lottery.

Cotton. — Dr. Williams’s <*reen and Yellow Dye Colour.

13 Geo. III. 140 Junii.

371

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Doctor Rich of Saint Margaret's, Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows:

It appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. George Farmer (formerly a Dyer) That there is not a fast Green or Yellow Dye, on Cotton and Linen Yarn, now in Use, except a Preparation invented by Doctor Richard Williams, which, the Witness said, he had made a very severe Trial of, and found both the Green and Yellow to be permanent and fast, even standing the Force of Soap Suds and long Bleaching, which are the severest Trial they can undergo, and the only necessary ones to prove their Merit; and did not doubt but it would restore the Reputation of our Cotton Fabrics in Spain and other Countries, where they are daily losing Reputation, on Account of the Colours not standing the Test of those Climates; and would venture to give it as his Opinion, that when the Secret is- known among the Dyers, that it would prove a Fixer to many of the flying Colours now in Use, and raise that valuable Branch of Business higher than ever it was.

Mr. John Yandall (Partner in the principal House of Cotton Dyers in London) informed your Committee, That they had tried Doctor Williams's Green and Yellow Dyes on Cotton in the large Way, and also on Handkerchiefs, which puts Colours to the severest Trials, and when worn to Rags, the Colours ftiii remained good; but by their former Method of dying Green or Yellow on Cotton, he had never seen any that would stand the Air, even for a few Days, or refill a Third or Fourth Washing; and that he thought it a great Discovery; and, if properly encouraged, would much increase the Manufactory in the Cotton- Trade, and also, being permanent and fast'on Silk Handkerchiefs, will enable them to make that Article to rival the India, employ a Number of Hands, and totally de-

stroy the contraband Trade in- those Goods, and be ati Increase of the Revenue; this Trade being reduced from 60,000 Dozen per Year, to about 16 or 17,000.

Mr. John Paltrau (Partner with Mr. James Giles, Silk and Cotton Manufacturers) confirmed this Evidence, in regard to Doctor -Dye being fast

on Silk and Cotton; and added, That the Goods he had made up and" fold, were so: much approved of; that his Customers were enquiring for more of the same Colours.

Mr. Richard Clough (a Cotton Manufacturer at Manchester) informed your Committee, That he and many others, in Manchester, had made Experiments on Doctor

Williams's Dye; and fitid it proved-a-fast Dye; and the Use of it would be a very considerable Advantage to the Trade of that Town; And, being aflfed to give his Reasons, he" laid. The Furniture Checks are a large Branch of Trade in Manchester, in which they are obliged to use Worsted instead of Cotton, when green or yellow Colours are wanted; that the Worsted causes the Checks to pucker in Washing, and in Time will Moth-eat, which Cotton will not. /

A Certificate, signed by the principal Manufacturers at Manchester, dated November 1769, to the Board of Trade, certifying Doctor William's Green and Yellow Dyes to be fall and permanent, was laid before Your Committee; a Copy whereof is. hereunto annexed by

way of Appendix, 1: And also,:

VOL.34.

Copy of a Representation of the Lords of Trade to the King, dated July 13th 1770, is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N° 2: 'And also.

Copy of a Memorial of the principal Manufacturers of Manchester, to the Right honourable Lord North, dated May 3d 1772, is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N" 3.

APPENDIX, N° 1.

We the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town of Manchester, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, having seen Specimens of a new-invented Green and Yellow, dyed on Cotton Goods and Yams, by Doctor Richard Williams, of Downing Street, Westminster, which we have proved to be permanent and fast Colours, Handing the necessary Tests of Washing and Wearing: And whereas the former known Greens and Yellows, dyed on the Cottons fabricated in this Town, have hitherto proved fugitive and defective, and thereby prejudicial to its Trade; we do hereby certify, to all whom it may concern, that if the Method of dying the aforesaid Doctor Richard Williams's above new-invented Colours, is laid open for the Use of the Manufacturers, provided it can be done at or about the Price of the Greens or Yellows now in Use, as he takes on him to prove they can, that the same will then be not only of Angular Advantage to this Town in particular, but, we apprehend, of great national Utility, and give this Kingdom a peculiar Advantage over all other Countries that are now her Rivals in the Cotton Manufacturing Business; as it is a well known Fact, that no other Country has discoveretj any Method of fixing a green or yellow Colour on Linen or Cotton, either in Goods or Yarn, in the Mode of Dying.

Manchester,

November 1769.

Tho. Withington,

Josiah Birch,

Ht Fielding,

Rob' Hamilton,

Edmd Radcliffe,

Mather and Hardman,

Dan1 Whittaker,

Charles Ford,

Rob‘ and Sam1 Hibbert,

Tho1 and John Tipping,

John Hardman and Son,

James Hodson,

Will, and Sand Whiter Charles Chadwick,

James Cooke,

Edward Kenyon,

Milnes and Ba, Bell and Winter,

Rob Holt and Co;

Roger Worthington, Dyer, Lau. Holker, Dyer.

A P P E N D I X, N° 2.

To.the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

May it please Your Majesty,

We have had under our Consideration a Petition, presented unto us by Doctor Richard Williams, of Downing Street, Westminster; Setting forth, That, after several

Years Labour and Application, he has discovered a Method of fixing Yellow and Green Dyes on Cotton Yarns, to stand the Test of common Washing and Wearing, and greatly to exceed in Beauty the fugitive Yellows and Greens now in Use; and therefore praying to have such a Reward from the Public, as shall be proportioned to the Merit of this Discovery, and to the great Expence of Time and Money he has been at in the Pursuit of it: Whereupon we humbly beg Leave to represent to Your Majesty,

That it does appear to us, as well by a Certificate from the principal Manufacturers of the Town of Manchester, as by the Information which we have received from a Manufacturer, and from a Dyer of the City of London, who have made Experiment of the Petitioner’s Method of dying Green and Yellow in Cotton Yarn, that the said Dye has been proved to be

permanent

37

14* — 150 Jtitiii.

A. 1773.

permanent and fast, (landing the necessary Test of Washing and Wearing, in a better Manner than any other Greens and Yellows hitherto uled; and therefore, as this is, we conceive, a great Improvement in a very material Branch of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, which mult have the Effect to increase and extend its Commerce, we are humbly of Opinion, that the same does merit the public Attention; and that, if the Method of fixing these Colours, discoveted by the Petitioner, can be brought into Use, without any considerable Advance on the Price of the Greens and Yellows now in Use in the Cotton Manufactory, it would be adviseable to induce the Petitioner to disclose his Secret, by such a Premium or Bounty from the Public, as shall be judged adequate to its Merit*

Which is most humbly submitted,

Eliot,

John Roberts, Whitehall, lVm Fitzherbert,

July 13th, 1770. Robert Spencer.

APPENDIX, N# 3.

To the Right honourable Lord North, First Lord of the Treasury.

We the principal Manufacturers of the Town of chester, do now hereby certify to your Lordship, That Doctor Richard Wiliams's new-invented Green and Yel-

low Dye, for Cotton Goods and Yarns, are fast Colours, perfectly refilling the Air, which no other green or yellow Dye on Cottons will do; that, if the same is laid open for the public Good, it cannot fail to produce additional Labour to the Poor, and increase our Exportations, and hereby become a very considerable' national Advantage: And the Doctor, to avoid all Appearance or Apprehensions of his entertaining Intentions of making a Job of his Secret, and in the thorough Confidence of its peculiar Excellence, and the Integrity of your Lordship, candidly offering to communicate it to us, before he expects any national Reward; and also wholly relying on its Merits, for our further certifying for that Purpose, after the Process is known to us, and that the lame, besides Beauty and Fastness, is attended with the further Requisites of being practicable, easy, and cheap: We humbly pray your Lordship, to take this Affair into your immediate Confederation at the Treasury Board; and, as the further Loss of Time, in this Business, would be a real Loss to the Trade of this Town, we again humbly pray your Lordship, now to give it that Dispatch as to your Lordship shall seem meet, and encourage the Doctor to come, down to Manchester, to lay his Secret open to us, as soon as his private, Affairs will permit him.

Manchester,

May 3d 1772.

EdvA Byrom,

W" Hurst,

Nath, and Falk Phillips,

John Withington,

Rob' Robinson,

Dan1 Whittaker, Mather and Hardman, Peter Baron, Junior, Marriott and Baron, Sam1 Kenyon,

Robinson and John Hill,

Benjn L. Winter,

IV" Bullock,

Tho? Phillips and C* Beiy" Bozver,

Tho? Chadwick,

Tho1 Whittaker,

Rob' Bell,

EdvA Kenyon,

Jam1 and Tho' ,

Rob‘ Hamilton,

Jof° Tipping,

Tho1 Withington, Aaron Orme,

John Orme,

JoJh Ryder,

Jofb Thackeray,

Tho* Tipping,

Rob' Hibbert, Sand Hibbert,

Josiah Birch,

Tho?Birch,

James Hodson,

John Tipping,

John Markland, lVm Hardman,

Charles Ford,

John anil Geo. Riding.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Culm

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugaland for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Tonnage Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Qak^Bark-whole House, upon the Bill for the better ascertaining &c ’ the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending lo much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British-ma.de Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores or Western Islands.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Fish;

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^"r BaT» House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* s*h ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 02el, ec»&c*-House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Stamp

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole N^mies House, upon the Bill for explaining Two Acts, made ewsPaPer* in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 150 dieJunii;

Anno 13* Georgii III. U Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Committee, who were appointed East India to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, Aflairs* of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, be revived.

Mr. Graves reported from the Committee, to whom vPoc*.;

.1 r»-n . r Yi- , 1. . vexatious

the Bill to prevent unnecetlary and vexatious Removals Removals

of of; &c.

Bread.

Paper Bills of Credit. (America.)

Gold or Silver Plate.

(P uni Ament.)

Richmond

Bridge.

Customs — Scotland;

Worsted

Yarns.

13 Geo. III.

xr <v

15 Jumi.

373

of the Poor, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present' Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued " in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in " America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in

" Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender " of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and " sinking the fame;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year ofliis late Majesty, as inflicts Capital Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate; and for inflicting another Punishment for the said Offence; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge across the River of 'Thames, front Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the county of ;

and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons to be therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge afcross the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concuirence.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Worsted Yarns imported from Ireland into Scotland for the last Five Years, ending at Lady Day 1773.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of (he'whole House, to whom it ways and was referred to consider further of Ways and Means Meant; for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hirft to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of £. 2,349,806.

1 2S.yd L out of such Monies as shall or may arile of the Surplufl'es, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of£.1,000,000 be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the 5th Day of April 1774, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be referred for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protedling, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfottndlandt and the Ceded ljlands, for the Year 1773.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the 5th Day of April 1773, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1774, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions! And that Sir Charles the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and Bring in, the tame.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; Account* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to °*:" their Orders,

An Account of Money remaining in the Exchequer, Duties on of the Duties on Sugars- and Cambricks, granted by Sugars, Sc, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Monies remaining Rice, in the Exchequer,- of the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, upon the Exportation of Rice; imported Duty free.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Vo l. 34.

0.0

East India Affairs.

374

150 Junii. A. 1773,

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, granted

by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

THE Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Four hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds and Eight Pence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of "June 1773.

John Hug

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, upon the Exportation of Rice imported Duty free.

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Exportation of Rice imported Duty free, amount to the Sum of ------ 1,158 — 6 I

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the above Duties, by an Act of the Twelfth „ of His present Majesty’s Reign, amounts to the Sum of ----- - 7,335 10 5

Total Amount of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties granted by several

Acts of Parliament, upon the Exportation of Rice imported Duty free - - £. 8,493 10 11 i

' Exchequer, the 15 th Day 0 I Ju 1773.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England \trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies; and setting forth. That various Restrictions and Conditions are imposed on the East India Company, respecting the Disposition

of their Property, which the Petitioners conceive to be highly injurious to their Rights, Interest, and Credit, which Restrictions and Conditions are chiefly founded on a Petition, which they presented on the Second Day of March last, with a View to an amicable Agreement between the Public and the East India Company; and that the Petitioners were in Hopes they might have obtained the Assistance of the Public, without annexing Terms to that Assistance, which mull render it more prejudicial than advantageous; and that the Petitioners, sensible of the Sufficiency of their Credit, have determined to depend on the Laws of their Coun-

John Hug,

try, and submit to the temporary Difficulties which may attend the present Situation of their Affairs, rather than receive the Loan offered to them upon the very severe Conditions prescribed; and that the Petitioners are extremely sorry to find that the Territorial Acqui-fitions, which they obtained at so great an Expence and the imminent Risque of their whole Capital, should have created so much Prejudice against them; since it is evident, whether those Acquisitions belong to the India Company or the Crown, they must ever be considered as of the highest Advantage to this Nation; but it is far from the Desire of the Petitioners to possess what doth not of Right belong to them; therefore, finding the undue Interposition and the various Op-pressions which have flowed from this pretended Source, the Petitioners have before called for a legal Decision of those Rights; and therefore it is with the more Surprize, that the Petitioners now find the holding Possession of those Acquisitions should be made the Ground of overturning their most efi'ential Privileges, and of establishing a mingled Jurisdiction, comprehending both their Trade and Revenues, which hath no Foundation in the Principles of the English Constitution/or of any other well governed State; and must prove as prejudicial to the Liberties of the People, by the

East India Company’s Kelief.

Jamaica

and

Dominica.

13 Geo. III. 150 — 1

encreased Influence of the Crown, as it will prove to the Rights and Property of the India Company: And therefore praying the House, to grant the Petitioners Leave to withdraw their said former Petition, presented to the House on the 2d of March last, and all'o their other Petition, presented on the 17th of May last, which accompanied certain Regulations proposed by themselves, for the more advantageous Management of their Affairs, and the due Administration of Justice in India; an Indulgence which they are the more earned to obtain, least Posterity, reviewing the Transactions of this Period, should impute to the Petitioners the having been accessary to Measures, which, by veiling unnecessarily in the Crown the Disposal of so many great and lucrative Employments in India, tend, in the Petitioners Opinion, not only to bring Ruin upon the Company, but to destroy the just Balance of this free Constitution.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their laid Petitions j

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies j

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 17th Day of December last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inipe& the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company's Affairs; together with their Obfcr-vations thereupon) and also the Report which, upon the 9th Day of February last, was made from the said Committee, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions of the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies (which were presented to the House upon the 2d Day of March and the 17th Day of May last) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was diretfted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, " for the more free Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods and Merchandizes for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, " maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; " for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Im-

VOL. 34-

5° Junii. 375

" portation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica " into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon " Goods imported from the said Island into any other " British Colony And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Motion, it being Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* Junii;

Anno 130 Georgii III. U Regis, 1 7 7 3-

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill, Tomorrow Morning, for the better securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greemvich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, remaining in the Hands of Agents in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, the West Indies and Leeward Islands, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Month.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journeymen Weavers, in SpitFields, and within Five Miles of London, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hjm to report to the House; and he read the Report jn his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, , Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Whe 1 n port was read. re f*ie Re:

And the House being informed, that fevera* other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed-

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed;

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pfegnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children born in fiuch Hospitals and Places, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be rn-grossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for enabling John, Robert, James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary-lin the County of

Middlesex, and other their Effects, by Way of Chance, i in

Greenwich Hor[iul: Prize Money<

Spital Fields Weavers.

Lying-in

Hospiub;

Adams’s Adelphi, &c. Lottery.

376 i 6° Jun1773.

in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of them-l'elves and Creditors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the Counsel against the Bill were called in (no Counsel appearing for the Bill).

And the said Bili was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of George Wyatt, Abraham. Adams, William Scott, William Lyjler, Edmund Rush, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then lie was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass 3

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for } 3,

Tellers for the Noes,| !4.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling John, Robert, ‘James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Martin in the Fields and Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jamaica A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Dominica Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain " Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and , for the

" more free Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into " this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon " Goods imported from the said island into any other " British Colony," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Stained -^n mgrofied Bill for laying an additional Duty on Paptr. Paper, printed, painted, or rtained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom, was re#ad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean*. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Money remaining in the Exchequer, ‘of the Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties

granted by several Acts of Parliament, upon the Exportation of Rice, imported Duty free, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the Holife, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Cultonv* the Commissioners of the Customs, at tended at the Door; House he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Accounu pursuant to their Orders, 0

An Account of the Quantity of Scale Boards im- Scale Board*, ported into 'that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1766 to Chrifmas 1772, which is as far as

the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Painted or Stained Stained Paper, which has been exported from that Part of Great i>aPcr* Britain called England, from Christmas 1766 to Christmas 1772, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta* ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Culm, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation " of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugaland for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Tonnage; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Oak Bark, the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of &c* Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby in-flifted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland-, for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British made Cordage,

exported

Chaleur Bay: Cod Fithj&c.

Salt.

(Quebec.)

Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

Supply.

East India Company’s Relief.

13 Geo. III. 1 <5° — 17

exported to the Islands of MThe Canary anti The Azores or Western JJla

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles IVkit worth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur o any other Part of the Gulpli of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coaflt of Labrador.

Mr. Speaker left tire Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

.. Order ed, That the Bill be ingrossed.

and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Belief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Loans, tec. der, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoygne have Leave to make a Leave Motion. for Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Friday last, for Excite Duties, referring the Petition of George Hodgson, Edward Gordon', (Hodsfon>&c) and John Debonnair, Brewers, at Bow, in to

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House the Matter of Faift contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Raton, from Excise the Commissioners or Excise, attended at the Door; he ^ccount* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Drawbacks of Excise on Calicoes, printed Callicoes exported, at the Rate of Six Pence per Square Yard; and also, an Account of the Drawbacks of Excise on Linens and Cottons exported, at the Rate of Three Pence per Square Yard; for Ten Years last past.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Junii',

Anno 130 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills,

Vol. 34.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Whitworth, according to Order, re- Culm.

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirfcy-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to,

" in the Kingdom of Portugal;" and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had 5 D directed

378 170 Junii. ^1773.

directed him to report to the House; and he iread the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theri a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Salt. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported (Quebec.) from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Chalenr Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Fishery ^rotn *he Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Bay, or any

other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Houl'c; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the . ' House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles , according to Order, reported

a&c ar from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the JJill for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen. of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending lo much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the filing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arilen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British made Cordage, exported to the lllands of Madeira, The Canary and The Azores or Western Islands, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ways Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-loiutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One hundred Sixty-nine thousand Three hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Two Pence, which, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled; " An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company, for the " Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred " thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of " the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately " obtained in the East Indies," is directed to be paid within the present hear into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer by the said Company, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That; towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Nine thousand Nine hundred Sixty-one Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Eight Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, liport the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, &c. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill Decommitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Sinking Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Fund.

Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Appeals, Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would be [j?in the graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies " ar‘tauons* of the Instructions therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for GMd the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and Coin* otherdiminishing, the Gold Coinof this Kingdom: And that the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Charles Townshend, Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr.

Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gascoynereported from the Committee, to whom Excite,

the Petition ot George Hodgson, Edward Gordon, and (Hodgfun, fcc.)

i3 Geo. III.

i 7° Junii.

379

John Debomair, Brewers, at ,in ,was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows;

Mr. Matthew Lothian, Collector of Excise for the Hertford District, informed your Committee, That he had collected the Duties of Excise from the Petitioners, as considering their Brewhouse to be without the Bills of Mortality, and they paid tho same accordingly.

And it appeared from the Evidence of Mr.

thinfon, that, upon an Action brought in the Court of King’s Bench, against the Collector of Excise, for so much Money as the Petitioners had overpaid, a Verdict was given for the Petitioners; and it was thereby determined that their Brewhouse is within the Bills of Mortality.

And, by the several Receipts produced to Your Committee, it appears. That, from the 18th Day of November 1752 to the 24th Day of July 1769, the Petitioners had paid the Sum of £. 4,363 more than if they had been charged as London Brewers.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lying-in An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of Lying-hoipiuls. in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Ballard Children born in such Hospitals and Places, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, apd other Places appropriated for the charitable Receptioaof pregnant Women ;and also to provide for the Settlement of Ballard Children born in such Hospitals and Places.

Ordered, That Mr. M do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Game.

(Hares.)

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

posed, That the Bill for the better Preservation of the

Game, by limiting the Time for killing and destroying

of Hares, be read the Third Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words

" on tins Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, that those Words

be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

.r , r . fSir Richard Sutton,

Idlers for the ieas,-l. , „ /r

’I Mr. Hujfey:

Tellers for the Noes

34-

47*

'Mr.

\ Mr. Jennings:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. i. 9. To leave out from " committed" to " and" in Line 26.

1. 32. To leave out " Six," and insert " Three" inllead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out "Three," and insert " One" inllead thereof; and to leave out Months," and insert " Month" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Vol. 34.

severally put thereupon, agreed so by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. .

t- 11 e.t_ \r\ on iviauncuu rr nut i\iauy, 1

Tellers for the Ytas,jMr: \

Tellers for, he Noes, } 4*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Prefetvation of the Game, by limiting the Time for killing and destroying of Hares.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *

to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to Be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read)

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Jamaica whole House upon the Bill to continue and amend an and Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre- Domimca* sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and " Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening,

" maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports;

" for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica " into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon " Goods imported from the said Hand into any other " British Colony."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a Leave Motion, it being near Six of the Clock. Metion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnity j indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Militia, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for

Spitil Fields Weavers.

Culm,

(Lifbcn.)

Tonnage; Oak Bark; &c.

fc80 1 — 18° Junii. 1773.

for those Purposo: And that Mr. Mr.

Fuller, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, a*id bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,18° yunii j

Anno 130 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773.

Prayers.

MR. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the Journeymen Weavers, in Fields, and within Five Miles of London, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to " in the Kingdom of Portugal and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Culm to Lisbon. " in the Kingdom of Portugaland for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ascertaining the Tonuage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British made Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores, or Western Islands, was read the T hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotlandj for appropriating the Duty *

on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act, and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon Britishmade Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores, or Western Islands.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitzvorlh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling/ and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Goaft of Labrador, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish; Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, Or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coast of Labrador.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining Two Acts made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

Chaleur

Bay

Fishery.

Stamp Duties; Newspapers.

Salt.

(Quebec.)

Gold

Coin.

Sinking Fund.

Loans; Sec.

General

Monckton.

(Weiiiodies.)

Jamaica

and

Dominica.

Hall India Affairs.

East India Company’s Relief.

13 Geo. III.* 18 0 Junit..381

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Coin-mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed-him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to confer some Mark of His Royal Favour upon the honourable Lieutenant General Robert Monckton, in Consideration of his meritorious Services to1 His Majesty and to his Country, either by a Grant of Lands in some of the Hlands in the West Indies, which were ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace, or in such. other Manner as His Majesty shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Du-- ties, to defray the Expences of ojpening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation " of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods " imported from the said Island into any other British " Colony ;" was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverSlly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.'

General Burgoyne reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Vol. 34.

Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the.Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East , was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in it the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them; agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Company to export a certain Quantity of English Manufactures.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon , the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Doctor Rickard Williams, of Saint Margaret's, minster, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 28th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according indemnity, to Order, a Bill to indemnify Justices of the Peace, (Qualified-Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or "on#) others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Ways and night, the 28th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself Mean*, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

5 E

Spital Fields Weavers.

Jamaica

and

Dominica.

Supply.

384 190 Junii. 0 A. 1773.

Sabbatt, 190;

j"‘ Anno 130 Georgii III*11 |legis, 1773. t; .

Prayers. ‘ .

A N ingrossed Bill to regulate the Wages or Prices of the' Journeymen Wearers in and within Five Miles of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title hc» An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned, to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and " minicq, for the more free Importation and Exportation

" of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting <k certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, " maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports;

for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into " this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other " British Colony," was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. To leave out " or," and inlert knd"

Instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain ‘‘ Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the " more free Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Du-" ties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, " securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining " the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods " from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; " and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported " from the said island into any other British Colony;" and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of Dominica, into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Steivart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitxvorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Ilesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards dolivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Three hundred and Sixty-three Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to re-pay to Messieurs Hodgson, Gordon, and Debonnair, the like Sum, which has been overpaid by

them to the Commissioners of Excise, for the Duties of Excise upon Beer and Ale; such Commissioners not 3

haying tfnade the full Allowancfe for Waste, agreeable to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of King William'-tcnA. Queen Mary, intituled,

" An Act for an additional Duty of Excile upon Beer " and Ale, and other Liquors."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty. a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be advanced to Doctor. Richard Williams, of Saint Margaret's,

as a Reward for his inventing fa ft Green and Yellow Dye on Cotton Yams and Thread, and for difeoyering the Secret thereof.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to biy the House. " .

Sir; Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a-certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other dimini living, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole-House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Surq of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

Loans,

k c.

Gold

Coin.

Indemnity.

(Qualifica-

tions.)

Sinking Fund.

Credit.

Appropriar

tion.

383

13 Gf.o. III. 19 — 21

mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Prizes. Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 13th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded Islands, being applied to the public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Supply. The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

Longitude. " Resolved, That John of Red Lion

" having, under the Encouragement of an Act, made

" in the Twelfth Year of her Majesty Queen Anne,

" intituled, "An Act for granting a Reward for the Dif-,c covery of the Longitude at Sea," applied himself, with " unremitting Industry for the Space of Forty-eight " Years, to the making an Instrument for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea j and having constructed a " Time-keeper for that Purpose, and discovered the " Principles of conlirufting the fame, by which other " Time-keepers, have been already made, and found to " answer with great Exactness; from which Discovery,

*it is apprehended that great Benefit will arise to the " Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; is highly " deserving of public Encouragement and Reward."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be paid, by " the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, out of any " Sums of Money now in his Hands, to the said John " Harrison, as a further Reward and Encouragement,

" over and above the Sums already received by him,

" for his said Invention of a Time-keeper, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was " constructed."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Then the House resolved itself into - the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whinvorth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which thpy had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

East India An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a Sum

Company’s of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be Rc lc' advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

0 Junii.

Luna,2i° die y

Anno 13® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1773*

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mi*,

Cuddou:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act East India for establishing certain Regulations for the better Ma* Affairs, nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Game, to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England ;" and for making other Provisions in Lieu thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townfkend do make the Sinking Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Fu"J* whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, was committed.

Mr. Charles Townfaend accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Loans, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of th® &c*

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better preventing the coun- Gold terfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Gold Coio»

Coin of this Kingdom, was r?ad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Indemnity the Bill to indemnity Justices of the Peace, Deputy (ds*lifi*uw,l' Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time for those Purposes, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him

to

384 2i° Junii. A. 1773.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Gam;. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 9. After "within" leave out " One,"

and in Cert " Four" instead thereof.

1. 10. Leave out " Month," and insert " Months" instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s to Bill*. Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and the Earl of named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India - Company, as well in India as in Europe:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be " issued, in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal " Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the " legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from " being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for callin and sinking the fame

An Act for better regulating the Assize and Making of Bread:

An Act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of Distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any Stamp or Seal used for marking Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain:

An Act for repealing (b much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, as inflicts Capital Punishment for Frauds and Abuses in the marking or stamping of Gold or Silver Plate; and for inflicting another Punishment for the said Offence:

An Act for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols, within that Part of Great Britain called

An Act to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game:

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the Laws now in being relative thereto:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of ,

and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for the better lighting and watching the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Encroachments, and Nuisances, therein:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates strictly intailed by the Will of the most Noble Charles Noel, late Duke of Beaufort, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for discharging the Manor of Greenfield, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the 'Estate of Richard Earl of Scarborough, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, by the Settlement executed previous to his Marriage with Barbara Countess of Scarborough, his Wife; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Estates, and certain Goods and Chattels, late of Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, deceased, in Sir Gregoiy Turner, Baronet, his eldest Son, as a Compensation for, and in Satisfaction of, his Claims on his said late Father’s Estate and Effects:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, in the Parishes of Hanbury and Leigh, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Incumbrances assessing the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of and

Southrop, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Lands, Common Heath, ancj Waste Grounds, within the Township of Wefi Willoughby, in the Manor of Sudbrooke, and Parish of in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for naturalizing Jacques otherwise James Louis, an Infant under the Age of Eighteen Years.

A nek then the House adjourned till this Day Scvennight, Ten of the Clock in tb« Morning,

S

13 Geo. III.

48° JurtiL

385

.Sinking Fund,

Indemnity.

(Qualification.)

Licit. Gen, M ©nekton.

Journal.

Reports,

&c.

Lunce, 28° die Junii\

Anno 13* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1773. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for paying to rifon a further Reward, for his Invention of a Timekeeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Dil'covery of the Principles upon which the tame was constructed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the'Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

The Lord North reported to the House, That their Address of Friday the 18th Day of this Instant June (that His Majesty would be gracioutly pleased to confer some Mark of His Royal Favour upon the honourable Lieutenant General Robert Monckton, in Confederation of his meritorious Services to His Majesty and to his Country, either by a Grant of Lands in some of the Hlands in the West Indies, which were ceded to His Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace, or in such other Manner as His Majesty should think proper) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will take the same into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of, John Esquire, Clerk of'

this House.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the several Reports from Committees of this House, which have been printed by Order of the House, and are not inserted in the Journals of this House, be reprinted; together with the several Reports which have been 'made to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Committee of Seprecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company; and also the several Reports which have been made to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the Vol. 34.

British Affairs in the East indies; and that the same be printed by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Reports be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and also the Expence of re-printing the Reports of this House; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Five 'thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be issued to the Chairman of the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company, to be by him distributed amongst the several Clerks at the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to be issued to the Chairman of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, to be by him paid to Mr. Samuel Johnson, One of the Clerks at the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are bf His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

5*

Addfesses: Journals, fice.

General

Index.

Parliamentary Records.

East India Affairs.

386

30° Junii.

A. 1773,

Loans, See.

Foreign

Stained

Paper.

Jamaica

and

Dominica.

Mercurii, 30* Junii \

Anno 13* Georgii IIP1* Regis, j 77 3.

Prayers.

AMefiage from the Lords, by Mr. and- Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1773; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the islands of Jamaica and , for the more

" free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods " and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to " defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, lecuring, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the " Duties, to be paid upon the Importation of Goods " from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; " and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported " from the said Island, into any other Colony ;"

and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of ,into any other of the

JBritish Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America, fot a limited Time; without any AmendmentAnd altb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in Ae last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures, thereby inflicted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for4 appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have ariseq, with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British made Cordage, exported to the Islands of Madeira, The Canary Islands, and The Azores or Western Islands; without any Amend-. ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Ex-. . " portation of Culm to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal;" and for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping; without any . Amendment: And also,

StampDuties The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act on for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of Newspapers, the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cod Fish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Bay, or any other

Part of the Gulph of Saint Laurence, or on the Coast of Labrador-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

9

Silk

Manufacture-

Salt.

(Quebec.)

Turnpike

Roads.

Adam's Adelphi, Sec. Lottery.

G owd all Inclosure.

East India Company’s Relief.

Tonnage; Oak Bark; &c.

Culm. (Lilbou.)

Chaleur Bay Fishery.

Gold Coin.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned, to let tie and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling John, Robert, James, and William, Adam, to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for draining and preserving the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the of-pofite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond, to certain Persons, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England; ar>d for other Purposes; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Ditto. Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain, called England; and for other Purposes.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz. „;

' Pr,

Richmond

Bridge.

Commons, Waites, &c.

Bank Notes or Bills.

Public

Highways#

Militia Returns, &c.

Commons, Wastes, &c

13 Geo. III. 30 0 Ju387

Pr. 38.1. 31. After " Consent," insert " Clause A."

Clause A. " Provided always, and be it further " Enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act contained, relative to the gathering or " getting of Stones, shall extend, to " any Quantity of Land (being private Property) covered with Stones " thrown up by the Sea, commonly " called Beach."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Robinfonpresented to the House, pursuant to the

Directions 6f several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Annual Returns of the Militia, at the Time of Annual Exercise in the Year 1772: And also.

Copies of such Qualifications of the Deputy Lieute nants and Officers of the Militia, for the Year 1772, as have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie. upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. After " mentioned" insert " and likewise the Consent of the Reftar, " Impropriator, or Tithe Owner, or " the Lefice of either of them respectively, first had in Writing."

1. 34. Leave out from "respectively" to"And" in Press 3. 1. 8.

Pr. 15.I. 25. After "Rights" insert " Clause A."

Claute A. " And whereas the Improvement of " the Breed of Sheep is a Matter of " great National Importance, and the , " turning of Rams upon Wastes and

" Open Common Fields, at certain " Times of the Year, has been found " to be wry prejudicial: Be it therefore Enact-d, by the Authority " aforesaid, That no Ram shall be " turned upon, or be fulfered to remain upon, any Wastes or Common " Fields, between the Twenty-fifth " Ddy of Av.-ufl and the Twenty fifth Day of November in every " Year."

JPr. 16.I. 20. After " Aft" insert " Clause B."

Clause B. " Provided also, and be it further " Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " That no Rector or Tithe Owner, " in Right of his Rectory, Vicarage, " or Curacy, or the Lessee of either of . " them respectively, who shall agree

" for or let his Tithes of the said " Common Field Lands, during the " said Term of Six Years, or any " fart thereof, shall receive any Fine, " Foregift, Gratuity, or Compenla-

Vol. 34.

" tion whatever, other than by equal " Half Yearly or Yearly Payments."

The said Amendments, as lar as the Amendment in Pr. 16. 1. 20, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 16. 1. 2c, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House ck> agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for 1 he Noes, j ‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Bank Notes Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, or Bills. An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bank Notes, or Bills; and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of Bank Notes or Bills.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

' f

Pr. i. 1. 36. Leave out " or use."

1. 37. Leave out " or used."

Pr. 2. 1. 1. Leave out from " making" to "any"

in Line 4.

1. 6. Leave out from " visible" to " or" in

Line 11.

1. 30. After " Word" insert " and."

1. 31. Leave out " Figures and Devices " thereon;"

Pr. 3. 1. 1. After " Persons" inlert " without be-

" ing authorized and appointed as " aforesaid."

1. 23. Leave out from " Exchange" toin," in Line 27.

1. 28. Leave out " or other," and leave out from"Ground" to " or" in Line 32.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. After " Person" insert "without being

" authorized and appointed asaforb-"said." ' #

1. 8. After "shall" insert "knowingly and."

1. 32. Leave out from " Bill" to the End of the Bill.

In the Title of the Bill, after the Words " forging of" '

leave out " Bank," a^d insert " the" instead thereof; and after " Bills" insert " of the Governor and Company " of the Bank of England;" and after the Words " Imitation of" leave out " Bank" and insert "the" instead thereof; and at the End of the Title, add " of the said Governor and Company."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, Fund, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session

Sir Richard Sutton, 7 Sir Willia m Dolbe n:

o

388

30° 'Junii. — 1° Julii.

A- *773*

Session of Parliament; and for paying to John Harrison a further Reward, for his Invention of a Time-keeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed; without any Amendment: And also,

Indemnity/ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Qualifications. Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register Or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

Lying-in The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hospitali. for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Adressei: Mr. Rice reported to the House, That their Addresses

Journals, Sec. Qf Monday last .(that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to be advanced to John , Esquire, Clerk of this

House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and also the Expence of re-printing the Reports of this House; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals of this House; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also, to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred founds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same; and also, to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also, to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be issued to the Chairman of the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company, to be by him distributed amongst the several Clerks at the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the farile; and also to order the Sum of Two hundred Pounds to be issued to the Chairman of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East , to be by him paid to Mr. Samuel Johnson, One of the Clerks at the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

East India Mr. Alderman Harley,. from the Committee of Se-£ffiurs.: — . crecv, appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company (and, for that Purpose, to inspect Secrecy, the Books and Accounts of the said Company; and to report to the House what they find material therein, - in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the

Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) acquainted the House that the Committee had made a further Progrefe in the Matters

to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Report be also printed, with the several Reports which upon Monday last were ordered to be re-printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the Reports, which, upon the 26th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, w'ere made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies, be like-wile printed, with the several Reports which upon Monday last were ordered to be re-printed, by the Appointment, and under the Di rest ion, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Reports be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals* and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Bastard Children born in such Hospitals and Places.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 25. After w Place" insert " being within " Twenty Miles of such Hospital, " House, or Place."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cavendijk do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis y 1* die Julii;

Anno 13° Georgii lll,a Regis, 1773.

Pr AY ERS.

/\Rdered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Names and Places of Abode of all Brewing Victuallers, who have not brewed more than 25 Barrels of Strong Beer or Ale within the Year, ending the 5th Day of July 1773; and also the Names and Places of Abode of all Retailers of Strong Beer or Ale, who have not retailed more than that Quantity within the same Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

' Mr.

Ditto.

Lyinj-ln

Hospitals.

Brewing

Victuallers.

.13 Geo. III. i° Julii. 3»9

Mr. Speaker,

Royal The King commands this honourable House to atto Bills ten<^ ^'s Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

1 s* Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the ltoyal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for paying to John Harrison a further Reward, for his Invention of a Time-keeper for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and his Discovery of the Principles upon which the same was constructed:

An Act fc?r railing a certain Sum. of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand S-ven hundred and Seventy-three:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies:

An Act for laying an additional Duty on Paper, printed, painted, or stained, in Foreign Parts, imported into this Kingdom:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and , for the

" more free Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, " securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining " the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom j " and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported " from the said Island into any other Coloay;

" and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of Dominica, into any other of " the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in " rica, for a limited Time

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels, importing and exporting Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coasts thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures, thereby mftifted, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the f)uty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, with respect to the allowing the -Drawback upon certain Callicoes, and the Bounty upon British-ma.de Cordage, exported to the Islands of The Canary

Islands, and The Azores or Western Islands:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of " the Exportation of Culm to , in the Kingdom " of Portugaland for charging a higher Duty upon Culm exported thither in Foreign Shipping:

An Act for explaining Two Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers:

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec,

in America, for a limited Time:

Vol. 34.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Codfilh, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured in Ckaleur Bay, or any other Part of the Gulph of Saint or on

the Coast of Labrador:

An Act to impower the Magistrates therein mentioned, to settle~and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture, within their respective Jurisdictions:

An Act to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and forgiving further Time for those Purposes:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the Notes, or Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England j and for the preventing the obtaining a false Credit, by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company;

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into On? Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes:

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes:

An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation, of the Common Arable Fields, Waites, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom:

An Act for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hospitals, and other Places appropriated for the charitable Reception of pregnant Women; and also to provide for the Settlement of Ballard Children born in such Hospitals and Places:

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of " Great Britain called England and for making other Provisionj in Lieu thereof:

An Act for building a Bridge across the River of Thames, from Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex; and to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Ferry at Richmond to certain Persons therein mentioned:

An Act for enabling John, Robert, James, and William, Adam,.to dispose of several Houses and Buildings, in the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields and Saint -le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other their Effects, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for the Benefit of themselves and Creditors:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Township of Gowdall, in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York; and for draining and preserving the fame.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth j viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot close this Session without alluring you, that I have observed, with much Satisfaction, the Zeal, Alfiduity, and Perseverance, with which you have applied yourselves to the very important Business which, at the Meeting of Parliament, I recommended to your particular Attention: And I hope, and trust, that the L^ws, which have been the Relult of your Deliberations, will be found to answer the Salutary Purposes for which they were intended.

The Continuance of the War between Russia and the Porte, with both of whom I am dofely connected in Friendship, although under no Engagement to either, gives Me great Concern. But, from the pacific Dif-politions of other Powers, I have Reason to hope, that 5 G those

V

390 \Julii — y° Septembris — 1 I'OStob — 230 A. 1773.

those Troubles will extend no further. I shall persevere in My earned Endeavours to preserve the general Tranquillity of Europe; at the same Time, it shall be the constant Object of My Care, to be sufficiently prepared against any Event which may affect the Honour, Safety, oc Interest, of My Kingdoms.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my hearty Thanks, for the Supplies which you have granted Me with so much Cheerfulness: And I fee with Pleasure, that, notwithstanding the ample Provision which you have made for every Branch of the Public Service, and the effectual Relief and Support which you have afforded to the East India Company, you have been able to make some Progress in reducing th.e National Debt.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Experience I have had of your Attention to the Public Good, and of your Attachment to me, convinces me, that you will, in your several Stations, use your utmost Endeavours to assist Me, in promoting the Happiness of My People. I have no other Object but their Welfare; and no other View, but to employ the Powers, with which I am intruded, in maintaining the Credit, Reputation, and Prosperity, of My Kingdoms.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

Piorogation. jt fjis Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure* that this Parliament be prorogued to ! the Seventh Day

of September next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to tuesday the Seventh Day of September next.

Martis, 7*;

r

Anno 13* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1773.

Ditto. fTA H E House being met, pursuant to the lad Pro-J_ rogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House* with the Clerk Affidant,

went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until tuesday the 1 ad?*'Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until tuesday the 12th Day of October next.

Martts, 120 dieQSlobris;

Anno 130 Georgii IU,a Regis, 1773.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Proro* Prorogation, gation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme)Yeoman XJlher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons*

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Affidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until tuesday the 23d Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued Uiltil tuesday the 23d Day of November next.

Martis, 2 30 die Novembris;

Anno i4° Georgii III*1’ Regis, 1773.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Proro- Ditto. gation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Affidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until thursday the 13th Day of January next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until thursday the 13th Day of January next.

391-

JOUINA L S

OF THE

) . ' ,

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1774.

Jovis, 130 die Januarti;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1774.,

Me&reto attend His Majesty.

' jL MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir /m Fratfcis Mofyneux, Gentleman Usher of the IJk Black Rod:

JL. JL. Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act "to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to " issue his Warrants to make out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " room of such Members as shall die during the Recess

** of Parliament," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Francis Reynolds,

Esquire; for the City of Worcester, in the room of Henry Crabb Boulton, Esquire; for the City of London, in the room of Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Knight; and for the Borough of Malden in the County of EjJ’ex, in the room of John Hujke, Esquire.

Members And several Members, returned upon new Writs, took fwrern. the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for thofu Purposes.

Outlawry A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Bill. Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 34.

Mr. Speaker teported, That the House had attended' His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz. '

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The unusual Length of the last Session of Parliament made Me desirous of giving you as long a Recess as the Public Service \yould admit. I have, therefore, been glad to find Myself under no Necessity of calling you from your respective Counties at an earlier Season; and I doubt not but you are now met together, in the best Disposition, for applying yourselves to the Dispatdi of the Public Business.

You will, lam persuaded, agree with Me in regretting, that the Peace, so long expected, and so very de-firable, is not yet effected between Russia and the Porte; but it is with real Satisfaction I can repeat. That other Foreign Powers continue (till to have the same pacific Dispositions with Myself. I can have no other Wish than to see the general Tran'quillity restored; for the Establishment and subsequent Preservation of which, no Endeavours of Mine, consistent with the Honour of My Crown, and the Interests of My People, shall ever be wanting.

In this State of Foreign Affairs, you will have full Leisure to attend to the Improvement of our internal and domestic Situation, and to the Prosecution of Measures more immediately respecting the Preservation and Advancement of the Revenue and Commerce of the Kingdom. Among the Objects which, in this View, will come under your Consideration, none can better d^t serve your Attention than the State of the Gold Coin; which I must recommend to you in a more particular Manner, as well on Account of its very high Importance, as of the peculiar Advantages which the present Time affords, for executing, with Success, such Measures as you may find it expedient to adopt with respect to this great National Concern.

5H The King’s

Speech

reported.

A

fcesolution fox Addrefi.

13° — 14"

A. 1774*

The Degree of Diminution which that Coin had actually suffered, and the very rapid Progress which the Mischief was daily making, were truly alarming. It is with much Satisfaction that I haVc.seen the Evil, in a 'great Measure, checked by the Regulations made in the last Session of Parliament, I trull, however, that you will not stop^ here, nor think that you have dricharged your Duty* either to your Country, or your Fellow' Subjects, without using your best Endeavours for putting the Gold Coin upon such a Footing* as may n6t orriy Completely remove the present Grievance, but render the Credit and Commerce of the Kingdom sufficiently secure from being again exposed to the like Danger.

Gentlemen of the House of Common's,

I have ordered the . proper Estimates for the current Year to be laid before-»you> and-rely on your Readjness to grant Me such Supplies as shall be found requisite in thfe present’Situation dr Affitirs.

My Lords, and Gentlertien,

The Experience I have had of your past Conduct leaves Me no room to doubt, either of your Zeal or Prudence, in your Endeavours to promote the Welfare of your Country. You will not suffer any Parts-of-the Public Service to escape your Attention; but, various and extensive as those are, you will be careful to feled, for your immediate Deliberation, such of them as shall appear to be most importantAnd yea-can propose no Measures, that will serve either to secure or advance the Happiness and Prosperity of My People, in which you may not always depend on My most hearty Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To allure His Majesty, That we sincerely regret that the Peace so long expected, and so much desired, is not yet efieded between Ruflta and the Porte; but at the same Time, to express the Satisfaction we feel, in learning that other Foreign Powers continue still to hare the same pacific Dispositions with His Majesty.

That we receive, with the utmost Gratitude, the Affu-nance which His Majesty has been pleased to repeat to ris, drat He has no other With than to see the general Tranquillity restored and preserved, confidently with the Honour of His Crown, and the Interests of His People; and that we consider this gracious Declaration of His Majesty as a fresh Instance of His Majesty’s paternal Care for the Welfare of His Subjects, and of His generous Concern for the Happiness of Mankind.

To declare. That we are truly ienfible, that it is our Duty, as it shall be our Care, to employ the Leisure which this State of Foreign Affairs allows us, in attending to our internal.and Domestic Situation; and that we cannot but acknowledge His Majesty’s great Wil-dom, in recommending and pointing out to our serious Consideratkm the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, as well on Account of its very extensive Importance, as of the peculiar Advantages which the present Time affords for conducting, and executing with Success, any Measures touching this great National Object.

That we saw, with the deepest Concern, the Difficulties and Distress in which the Nation was on the Point of being involved, by the very alarming Degree of Diminution which this Coin had actually suffered, before the Evil was checked by the Regulations made in the last Session of Parliament; and that, imprefied with a just Sense of our Duty to our Country and our Fellow Subjects, we will exert our best Endeavours to accom-pfish the great Work of putting the Gold Coin upon such a Footing, as. may not only completely remove the present Grievance, but, as far as the Nature of the same 6

will admit, render the Credit and Commerce of the Kingdom secure from being again exposed to the like Danger.

To act'ure His Majesty, That ft is faithful Common.* will chearfully grant to His Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary, in the present Situation of Affairs; and-that, animal by His Majesty’s Re^ommcn-dation, 30d excited byjliis Example,l|e will apply our-selves wiHi the utipost afceal and DilijAce to ^promote the Wemre of our Gduntry; afrd ffiat we wiBjfot fail to direct our Attention to such Parts of the Public Ser- vice as appear to us most important, having a perfect Confidence, that whatever Measures we may propose* that will serve either to secure of advance the Happiness and Prosperity of His People, will always meet With His Majesty’s gracious Approbation and Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw tip an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Refokition:

And a Committee Was appointed di the Ldfd Gttertt* fey, Mr. Saint John, the Lord North, Mr. Stanley, Mr*

Ellis, Mr. Rice, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr.

Treasurer of the Household, Dr. Sir Gilbert

Elliot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Charles 'To Mr.

Mr. Bacon, - Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Rigby* Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morton; or any Five of them:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newcastle the Clerk of the Ctfctob, to make opt a new Writ for un^£yne the electing of a Burgess to serve rin this present Par- 0

liament for the Borough df Newcaflk~-under-Lyne, in the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir George Hay,

Knight, Who, since his Election fof the skid Bordqgh, hath accepted the Office of Presidefit and Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England,.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wr,t* the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of the Right honourable George Grevilie, commonly called Lord Grevilie, now . Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ludgerlhall the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for WntJ the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable John Stewart, commonly called Lord Garlics, now Earl of Galloway, a Peer of Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die J-a *

Anno 14* Georgii III. U Regis, *774.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of George William Earl of Coventry, Severn Lord of the Manor of Severn Stoke, in the County Stok* of WorcefleV, and Patron of the Parish Church of Severn Inc',ffkre' Stoke, and also Owner of great Part of the Lands within

the

Stftk n-Church Hill, c.

Roads.

14 Geo. III. I40 jfanua. %pA:i

the Taid Manor and Parish* and the humble Petition of several other Owners of Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth* That several Common Fields, Within the said Manor and Parish, have* by Consent of the Owners* been inclosed* and Exchanges made, but such Inclosure and Exchanges have not yet been legally confirmed and that there are, within the said Manor and Parish* several Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands* belonging to the Petitioners and others, which* in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners* if the same were divided and inclosed, and if the Division* Inclosure, and Exchanges, heretofo/e made, of the said Open and Common Fields* were established and confirmed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, and for establishing and confirming the Division, Inclosure* and Exchanges, heretofore made, of the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dowdesivell, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Coventry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and have Power to fend for PMons, Papers, a)nd, ftb'M cordis. j

hiT

The House being informed that Mr. Doom (frdIP'fxc'k the Commissioners of Excise) attended at !the D°9fj jh?-rccount* was called in* and, at the Bar* presented to the Haufevd pursuant to their Order of the lftDayof July,. ifcthe.; last Session of Parliament* ,„ ,

A Book* intituled, An Account of the Names apd Brewing k‘ Places of Abode of all Brewing'Victualler^.'rt'feo Victualler*. " have not brewed more than 25 Barrels of Sfrorig " Bfcer or Ale within the Yeas* ending, the 5th Day of " July 73 and alto the Namevaod Placeiof Abode »

" of all Retailers of Strong Beer or Ale* who. have not *' retailed more than that Quantity nnthw the femb.

" Time."

And then he withdrew;

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table*, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preferred amongst the Other

Papers of this Seffiort 1. r.

Ordered, That the Grand Cortifriifte'e for Religion do GAM fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the1 House. €ommitte«

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for (Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon,.in the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees fof putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rcn-c dering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth " Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and " the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of "Stoken Church Hill, toEnflow Bridge, through the City

of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Wood flock, in the County of Oxon* and for repairing the Road from " The Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stoken Church " Hill-aforesaid and for repairing the Mileways on " each Side the said City, as therein mentioned," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Acts have been continued to be put in Execution for which Purpose, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit thereof, the greatest Part of which remain due and that the Road over Shotover Hill is in some Parts very deep and dangerous; and it would be of great Advantage to Travellers if they could avoid the said Hill which may be done, by making a Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Wheatley Bridge to Enjlow, through Holton and Forest Hill Inclosures, and over Headington Field, by Heading-ton Quarry, and to come into the Turnpike Road

at or near the Fifty-two Mile Stone, beyond the Bottom of Shotover Hill, or else over Headington , and down

Headington Hill, to come into the said Turnpike Road at a House called Cabbage Hall, which the Petitioners are willing to undertake for the Accommodation of Travellers and that several Parts of the Roads in general under the Petitioners Care Hill want amending, which, together with the above-mentioned Alteration of Road, cannot be effected, and the Money now owing, with the Interest thereon, be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act of the Second of His present Majesty be enlarged, and some further Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of:

Justice do fit every Saturday ftx the Afternoon* in the House.

Ordered,'that the Gland Committed for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon* in the House*

Ordered, That a Committee pfjpriwtigfs be *p- Committee pointed 1 , - >!ivi . of Privileges.

And,a Committee was appointfjdiof Mr. Mr.

Brett, Mr. Burrell, Mr, Cavendi/hi Mr, Jfopkinin Mr.

Bull, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr* Vayfitaft, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Montagu, Mr Harris, SirPiercy Mfi

Morton, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Strachey, the Lord *

Mr. Vasa Mr. Byder% Mr. Saint, Jthp^ Mri Waiteri

Mr. Towiishend, Mr. Alderman Treat hick, the Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Dowdefmll, Mr. Prdjrott, Mr. Tuskers

Mr.- Burke, Sir Thomas Wynn, Mr* Cooper, Mr, Raw*

Mr* JackfoHt Lord John Gavemdish, Sir Henry *

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Onslow, Col. Band, Mr*

Dunning, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Ellis, Mr.. Mourner, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Elliot, the Lord Mayo? of London, Mr. Lord

George Germaine, Mr. Pkmtr, the Lord , Lord

Charles Spencer, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Ambler, Mr* WhitfMr..Alderman

Oliver: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven-night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber and to fit every,

and Monday, in the Afternoon* and all who come are to have Voices and they: are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may pome in Question, touching Privileges and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House* from Time to Time and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records, far their Information and if any Thing shall come in Question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the lime the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That 4II Persons who will question any Re- Usual turns of Members to.serve in Parliament do question the Order*, same within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in* and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks

for

140 JanuariL - A. 1774*

for W&ich of thfc Places Aey will fervfc, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Ele<ftion of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to l'erve in Parliament.

-Resolved, That where the House- shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person'petkioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that Any Person hath procured himself to be clected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery of any other corrupt Practices, this House will pro-; i etted with. the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee -thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the Utmost Severity against such Offender.

- Resolved, That if it" shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof,- this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

1:

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a conve" ment Time to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the.Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person so taken into Custody, bedischarged out of Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Cham-.berbe locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume

to bring any Strariger of Strangers into the Housej dr Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Cate, that, from

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Af- ’’ ternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through: the Streets> between Temple Bar and shall be kept free iuld open and that no ObftmCtions be made by Cars, DrayS, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Paf- lage of thfc Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, tbafcthere be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in . Wstminster-Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, . duripg the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen,.- or otherwise, therein, or' thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Member^ of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the 'Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey. the Orders of the House ;Cand that' no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post-master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered,

Votes.

14 Geo. III. 140 — 150 — 1 f'Jamarii. 395

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

Private Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions

Petitions. for Private Bills after the Twenty-eighth Day of February next.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Biscuit, Pease, l* c* Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, exported from Great Britain to His Majesty’s Colonies in The Indies, for Seven Years past; distinguishing each Year, and each Article.

Address The Lord Guernsey reported from the Committee, ap-on pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-iented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn ' up an Address accordingly; which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Recommendation, and excited by Your Example, we will apply ourselves with the utmost Zeal and Diligence to promote the Welfare of our Country'; and that we will not fail to direct our Attention to such Parts, of.^ the Public Service as appear to us most important; having a perfcdl Confidence, that whatever Measures we may propose, that will serve either to secure or advance the Happiness and Prosperity of Your People, will always meet with Your Majesty’s gracious Appro- bation and Concurrence.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Councli, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks, for Your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit us. Sir, to alfure Your Majesty, that we fin-cerc-iy regret that the Peace so long expected, and so much desired, is not yet effected, between Russia and the Porte-, but, at the same Time, we beg Leave to express the Satisfaction we feel, in learning that other Foreign Powers continue still to have the same pacific Dispositions with Your Majesty: We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, the Afl’urance which Your Majesty has been pleased to repeat to us, that You have no other Wilh than to see the general Tranquillity restored and preserved, consistently with the Honour of Your Crown, and the Interests of Your People: and we con-lider this gracious Declaration of Your Majesty as a fresh Instance of Your Majesty’s paternal Care for the Welfare of Your Subjects, and of Your generous Concern for the Happiness of Mankind.

We are truly sensible that it is our Duty, as it shall be our Care, to employ the Leisure which the State of Foreign Affairs allows us, in attending to our internal and domestic Situation: And we cannot but acknowledge Your Majesty’s great Wisdom, in recommending and pointing out to our serious Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, as well on account of its very extensive Importance, as of the peculiar Advantages which the present Time affords, for conducting and executing with Success any Measures touching this great National Object: We law, with the deepest Concern, the Difficulties and Distress in which the Nation was on the Point of being involved, by the very alarming Degree of Diminution which this Coin had actually suffered, before the Evil was checked by the Regulations made in the last Session of Parliament; and we beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that, imprefied with a just Sense of our Duty to our Country and our Fellow Subjects, we will exert our best Endeavours to accomplish the great Work of putting the Gold Coin upon such a Footing, as may not only completely remove the present Grievance, but, as far as the Nature of the same wiil admit, render the Credit and Commerce of the Kingdom secure from being again exposed to the like Danger.

Your faithful Commons will, with the utmost Chear-fulness, grant to \rour Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary in the present Situation of Affairs: And Your Majesty may be assured, that, animated by Your

Vol. 34.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 150 dieJanuafii;

Anno 14* Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. Treasurer of the Houftiold reported to the jj;, Majesty House, That His Majesty having been waited appoints to upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to be attended, know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Supply. Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 170 dieJanuarii j Anno 14® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR, Speaker reported, That the House attended Answer His Majesty, upon Saturday last, with their Ad- to Addref*. dress; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer: *

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very loyal and dutiful Address.

I fee with the highest Satisfaction the Continuance of your Affection to Me, and of your Zeal for the Public

5 I Service;

Leeds and Selby Canal,

Air& Calder Rivers Navigation,

17° Januarii. 1774.

Service: You may be aftured, that it is the invariable Object and the constant Care of My Life, to promote the Happiness, and to deserve the Confidence* of My People;

A Petitiort of the Gentletrien, Merchants, Traders* and other the principal Inhabitants, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Rc-survey of the Line Levels and Surveys taken in the Year 1772, it appears that a Ctit, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be conveniently made, from the Leeds and Liverpool Navigation, in the Township of tiolbeck, near Leeds, over the River in the Township of Methley, to the River at or near Selby, in the said County; and that the same will open a ftiort, easy, and commodious. Communication between the said Town of Leeds and the several Townships or Places through or near which the said Cut, or Canal, is intended to be made, as well as to the Port of Hull, the City of York, and the interior Part of the County, and will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactories carried on at, between, or near, the above Places, will tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, the Relief of the Poor, the Preservation of the public Roads, and will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the said Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby aforesaid, and also to make a Navigable Cut, from the said Canal, into a Field belonging to Bradley

(now a Minor) in the Township of Hunjlett, near Leeds aforesaid, wherein to make a Bason and Wharfs, for the Purposes of mooring, loading, and unloading, Vessels employed in the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon the said Canal, in such Manner, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savi/e, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John Goodricke and Sir William ner, Baronets, Richard WilfonThomas Wilson, and John Burton, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York; and that the several Works executed under the Authority of the said Act have proved very beneficial; and that, since the passing of the said Act, the Trade and Commerce in the Neighbourhood of the said Rivers have been much advanced and increased, and a greater Number of Vessels than heretofore have been employed on the said Rivers; and that Complaints having been made to the Petitioners, that Goods carried up and down the same had of late not only been longer on their Passage than heretofore, but Embezzlements more frequent, the Petitioners, upon Enquiry, found the principal Inconveniences complained of to be occasioned by certain Mills belonging to private Persons upon the said Rivers; one of which, the most capable of distressing the *said Navigation, has been purchased; but find that there are still some Obstructions arising from Shoals in the said Rivers, lying as well out of, as within, the Limits

7

prescribed by the said Act , and thdt, by the Removal of such Impediments, and by some additional Works, the Petitioners apprehend the said Navigation may be greatly improved, and left liable to the Defects and In- conveniences complained of, the Freight of Goods considerably lowered, and Vessels not only enabled to carry larger Burthens, but to perform their Passage with greater Dispatch, Safety, and Certainty; and that, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears, that a Cut, or Canal, ma y be conveniently made, from the River Air, in the Township of Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County, which will open a short and commodious Communication for Vessels from Leeds, Wakefield, Halifax, and other Trading Towns situate upon the said Rivers Air and Calder, to the City of 7ork, and all Trading Towns upon the River Ouze, above Selby; and that the Petitioners are desirous, at their own Costs, to extend and improve the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, and also to make, complete, and support, such new Cut, or Canal, from . Haddlefey to Selby i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners as well to extend and make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, as to make complete, and support, a Cut, or Canal, from the River Air, in or near the Township of Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, in or near the Township of Selby aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Lascelles. Sir Richard Sutton, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Dela- RapillarJ* pierre, was presented to the House, and read; Praying,

That Leave-may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Prescott and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, a Minor, Calder by his Trustees Dame Margaret Ramsden and Thomas to Ramsden, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County or York, is a Place of great Trade, and is situated near the River Calder; and that it would be of great Advantage to the said Town, and to all Persons having Estates in that Part of the County, if the Navigation was continued from The Calder, to a Place called The King's Mill, on the River Colne, near the said Town; and that, by a Survey, it appears that a navigable Cut, or Canal, may be made from the River Calder, between Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne, and along the North West Side of The Colne, to The King's Mill aforesaid, near the said Town of Huddersfield-, and that Sir John Ramsden, Lord of the Manor of Huddersfield, and Owner of the whole Town (except one House) and of a considerable Part of the Lands adjoining, and of a great Part of the Lands through which the intended Canal is proposed to be made, is desirous of making the said Canal, and of keeping the same navigable for Boats and other Vessels, and to secure to the Public the full Benefit thereof, under certain Restrictions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make such navigable Cut, or Canal, as aforesaid; and to do and perform all such other Works as shall be found necessary

14 Geo. III. 170 — 190 Januarii. 397

ceflary for the Benefit of the said Navigation, in such claim all Parochial Benefits, and undertake to maintain Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as shall be their own Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave thought proper: may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- House shall think fit.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall , That the said Petition be referred to the

appear to them, to the House: Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Laf- mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact con-cellts, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, tained in the said Petition: at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And it is referred to Mr. Gray, Mr. Attorney General,'

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning

Records. next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Sa&maife’t A Petition of Louis de Saumaife, was presented to Records.

Wat- the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be

given to bring in ar Bill for his Naturalization. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that consider of the Motion.made upon Saturday last, That

Mr. Harris and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring in, a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

the fame. Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech

to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Gray’s Inn. A Petition of Gryffydd Price, Samuel Wegg, Samuel Committee.

(Parochial Pechell, Danby Pickering, John Fenton Clarke, and Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-Taxc&) Andrew Huddleston, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, mittee.

and the rest of the Benchers and other Members of the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Society of Grass Inn, in the County of Middlesex, was Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That mittee.

Gray's Inn is One of the Four Inns of Court, and hath Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

been from Time immemorial, and now is, with the Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

other Three, a Society intrusted with the Education That they had come to a Resolution; which they had of young Gentlemen studying the Law, and with the directed him to report, when the House will please to Power of admitting them to practise the fame, and hath receive the feme.

accordingly been always governed and regulated by the Ordered, That the Report be received upon Benchers of the said Society; and that the Lands and Morning next.

Tenements, and other Estates, belonging to the said

Society, have been, from Time to Time, and now are. And then the House adjourned till Wednesday

veiled in some of the Benchers thereof, in Trust, for Morning next. Ten of the Clock,

themselves and the rest of the said Society; and that

the said Society have always considered themselves as- ,____________________________________

having no Concern with any Parish or Parishes whatsoever, either with respect to bearing any Parochial Burthens, or deriving to themselves any Parochial Benefits; and now do and always have paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, the said Inn, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, at their own Expence; and also relieved all their Members, Officers, and Servants, when they have been unable to provide for themselves; and that the said Society with the Inns of Chancery, rT~' H E House being informed that some of the Corn-Members thereof, have always been considered by the X missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; Legislature, particularly in the Land Tax and Window they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Tax Acts, as a separate Body, and, as such, they pro- House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, portion and raise those Taxes amongst themselves; and N4 i. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, that a Claim has been lately made, by that Part of the brought into Saint Helen's Warehouses, in the Port of Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, which lies above the from Michaelmas 1.772, to Michaelmas 1773;

Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of also, what exported during that Time; and what re-Saint George the Martyr, in the same County, upon the mained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1773: said Society, to make the same contributory to the And also,

Poors Rate of both or one of th em, not only by charging N° 2. An Account of prohibited India Goods, it thereto as Part of the said Part of the said Parish of imported into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of Saint Andrew Holborn, but also by rating every Cham- London, from Michaelmas 1772, to Michaelmas 1773 j ber as a separate Messuage; by which Attempt, not also, what exported during that Time; and what re-only a new and heavy Burthen is laid upon the said So- mained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1773: cicty, but, in consequence thereof, the Members may And also,

be called upon and made to fefve Parochial and other N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Offices, inconsistent with, and intirely subversive of, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of their original Design of Institution; and therefore, that London, at Michaelmas 1772; what have been since the declaring the - Members of the said Society, and brought in; what exported; as also, what remained their Lands and Tenements, within the said Limits and at Michaelmas 1773: And also.

Bounds thereof, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited Burthens, would tend to the great Ease and Benefit to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-of the said Society, and is highly necessary to their Ella- houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1772; what blishment as a Society, and cannot be injurious to any have been since brought in; what exported; and what Parish, no Parish having heretofore been able to subject remained at Michaelmas 1773: And also, the Members, or the Estates of the said Society, to any N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Parochial Burthens, though the same has been before which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at attempted, and more especially as the Petitioners dif- Saint Helen's, Billiter Lane, and the Custom

Vol. 34. House,

\m

Mercuriiy 1.90 Januarii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIItl1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Supply.

Custom* House Accounts r

East India Goods.

Ditto*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

19° Januarii.* <4. 1774

Hou/ej in the Port of since Michaelmas 1772;

in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas 1773: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1772, to Michaelmas 1773: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from \Russia, into the Ports of commonly called the

Out Ports, from Michaelm 1772,10 Michaelmas 1773: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also, the Number of Whales* Seals, and Quantity of Blubber, each Ship has imported, in the Year 1773: And also.

Com, Grain, N° 9. An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, &c. Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue, or in pursuance, of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for that Purpose, by an Act, passed last Session, to prohibit the Exportation thereof; continued from the last Account; viz. from the 10th of October 1772, to the 10th of QElober 1773, inclusive.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sa6maife’« Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order* Nat. a Bill for naturalizing Louis de Saumaife: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cottmoore, " A Petition'of several of the Proprietors of Messuages, j *c: Cottages, and Toftsteads, having a Right of Common

nc o ure» Upon tjje Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, called Cottmore and Radley, within the Districts of Southwell and Westhorpe, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and other Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, within the said Districts of Southwell and , enjoy a Right of

Common upon the said Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, without Stii^; and that, if the said Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called , and such

/Part of the said Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called Radley, as lies on the South Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Southwell aforesaid, to , in the said County, and also such Part thereof as lies on the North Side of the said Turnpike Road, and is called Corborough, were divided, and inclosed into separate Allotments, in proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Willoughby and Mr. George Venables Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Raval

Stores.

Ditto.

Whale

Fishery.

ferred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is astblloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.;

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time;

ReJ'olved, Netninecontradicente. That this House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1774, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1774, be laid before this House;

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1774, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1774, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1774, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1774, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ended at the 5th Day of April 1773, and the 10th Day of October 1773, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as. also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1773, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

RapiUaid’s, Mr. Pre/cott presented to the House, according to A Petition of Nicholas Joachim Hae/eler and John &c* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Erich was presented to the House, and read; Praying, ^at* Abraham Delapierre:And the same was received; and That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their read the First Time. Naturalization.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Supply. Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do make the Report from Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc- and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

Efti mates ordered: Navy*

Building*,

Guardi

and

Garrisons*;

Ordnance*

Land

Forces,

Chelsea

Hhospital

Services;

Aggregate,

dec.

Funds.

Debt of the Navy.

Address.

Haefeler’s,

&c.

Nat.

1

i4 Geo. III. 19° Januarii.

'3 99

Call Ordered, That this House be called over upon f the House. TuesdayThree Weeks, the 15th Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters . to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Tuesday Three Weeks, the 15th Day of February next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From the House of Commons, 19th January 1774.

Sir,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint, you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of February next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Flr Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, 19th January 1774.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lord fii ip, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of February next; and your Lordship will also be pleated to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am* with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant, Flr Norton, Speaker.

The Right honourable the Earl of Holdernesse, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

Swansea A Petition of the Burgesses, and of several of the In-Markets, habitants of the Borough and Town of , in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Mode, within the said Borough and Town, of exposing Butchers Meat to Sale, is by hanging it up in Penthouses in the public Streets, which is attended with many Inconveniences $ and that it will be more advantageous to have fixed and regular Shambles, the most convenient Place for which Purpose will be the Garden within the Castle of the said Town, and the Postern thereunto adjoining; and that it has been a Custom within the said Borough and Town, Time immemorial, to pay to the Portreeve of the said Borough, several small Sums for Pitching, and also the Skin of 'every Calf killed or exposed to Sale by Persons not being Burgesses; which Skin the Portreeve, in order to encourage and improve the Market, hath agreed to give up, on Payment of a reasonable Composition: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j Voi. 34.

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William , Baronet, stirviv-

ing Devisee, in Trust, named in the last Will and Testament of Sir Richard Atkins, late of , in the County of Surrey, Baronet, deceased; Penelope Pitt, the Wife of George Pitt, of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, another of the Devisees named in the said Will, and also the Sifter and Heir at Law of the said Sir Rickard Atkins; Rickard , Esquire, another of the Devisees named in the said Will; and of the Rector, Churchwardens, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of and within the Manor and Parish of Clapham aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor, and also the Advowson of the Parish or Parish Church of Clapham aforesaid. Hand limited, by the Will of the said Sir Richard Atkins, to Sir William Bowyer, Baronet, since deceased, and the Petitioner the said Sir William Stonhouse, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, in Trust for the Petitioner Pitt, with divers Remainders over; and that the said Church is a very ancient Fabric, and, by Length of Time, is become very ruinous, and the Number of Inhabitants within the said Parish is so greatly increased, that, if the said Church was in a Condition to be repaired, it would not be large enough to; contain them, for the Purpose of Divine Worship; and that the Petitioners . are desirous of having a new Church built within the said Parish, on a more extensive Plan, and on Part of the Waste Ground, Parcel of and within the said Manor, by a Rate and Assessment to be paid by the Parishioners of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling a convenient Part of the said Waste in proper Trustees, for the Purpose of building the said new Church; and to enable the Petitioners to build a new Church thereon, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth " Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and " the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of " Stoken Church Hill, to Enflow Bridge, through the City " of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Woodflocfe, in the " County of Oxon; and for repairing the Road from " The Crown Alelioufeto the Turnpike on Stoken Church " Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the Mile-ways on " each Side the said City, as therein mentioned," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George

White, Esquire, an acting Trustee, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have made the Ascent of Stoken Church Hill and Poftcombe Hill considerably ealier than they were before.

That the Road over Shotover Hill is i» some Parts

% steep

Clapham

Church.

Stoken Church Hill, 6cc. Roads.

4oo 19 V- ao°

lleep and dangerous, and it would be a great Advantage to Travellers if they could avoid the said Hill; which may be done by making a Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Wheatley Bridge to , to go near the Garden of George Schutz, Esquire, through Holton and Forrest Hill Inclosures, and over Field by Headington Quarry, and to come into the Oxford Turnpike Road at or near the Fifty-two hllle Stone, beyond the Bottom of Shot over Hill aforesaid, or else near Headington Field, and down Headington ,to

come into the said Turnpike Road at a House called Cabbage Hall.

That several Parts of the said Roads in general still want amending; which, together with the above Alteration of the Road, cannot be effected, and the Money now owing, with the Interest thereon, be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act of the Second of His present Majesty be enlarged, and further Powers granted.

' The Witness then produced to your Committee, an Account of the Debts and Credits of the Trust; by which it appeared, that there is in the Treasurer’s Hands about £. 123; that the Trustees are possessed of India Bonds to the Amount of £. 1,400, and have like-wife about £.70 in the Hands of a Banker in London that the Income of the Tolls is about 1,500 a Year, after paying the Gatekeepers Salaries.

And that the Money owing on the Credit of the Tolls by Mortgage is £. 9,550, at £. 4. per Cent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stoken Church to Enflow Bridge, in the County of Oxford, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; for more effectually amending some Parts of the said Roads; and for making a new Road to be used instead of the other Part of the said Roads: And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wenman do prepare, and bring in, the ifame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 200 die Januarii 1

Anno 140 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

J^OUISde Saumaife took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

March and A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Wimblington of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within certain drainage. Boundaries called The Sixth District, mentioned and . 1 n ' described in and by an Act, made in the 30th Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the " Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, " and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and " County of Cambridge," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District were charged with an Annual Assessment, not exceeding Two Shillings per Acre; and that, by the said Act, the Commissioners acting for the said District were empowered to borrow any Sum not exceeding £.600, for the Purposes of the said District; and that the said Sum has, together with the Assessment of Two Shillings per Acre, been applied towards the draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District; notwithstanding which, they are still very much overflowed; and that the Petitioners are

Januarii. 1774.

desirous that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds should be charged with further Rate or Assessment, in order that the same may be effectually drained and preservd; and that, the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, is in many Instances defective, and further Powers and Provisions are wanting: And therefore pray- -ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said Sixth District.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Sampson

Gideon, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, Was pre- Worteftet fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Member to represent the City of Worcester in Parliament, in the room of the late Henry Crabb Boulton, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Thomas Bates Rous, by himself and his Agents, after the said Vacancy happened, and previous to and during the Poll, was guilty of bribing and corrupting, and attempting to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure himself to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that many of the Aldermen of the said City acted as Agents for the said Thomas Bates Rous, and also did bribe, and attempt to bribe, with Money and otherwise, a great many Freemen of the said City, to induce them to give their Votes for the said Thomas Bates Rous at the said Election; and that William Mathers,

Esquire, Sheriffand Returning Officer of the said City, acted partially and unfairly, before and during the Poll, in rejeding good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons not qualified to vote for the said Thomas Bates Rous, and in many other Respects was guilty of Partiality in the Execution of his Office; and that, by these and other.illegal Means, the said Thomas B procured

a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and was returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law, and the Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Sevennight, the Second Day of February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Orders and Notices were sent to Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, and Thomas Bates Rous,

Esquire, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to ' serve in Parliament.

Jovis, 200 die Januarii, 1774.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight,- do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the Second

Day of February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

J.

Cl. Dorn. Com.

Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining, That, at the late Election of a Member to represent the City of Worcester in Parliament, in the room

i4 Geo. III. ao° Januarii. 4O1

of the late Henry Boulton, Esqfuire, de-

ceased, the Petitioner, and Bates,

Esquire, were Candidates; that the said Thomas Bates Rous, by himself and his Agents, after the said Vacancy happened, and previous to and during the Poll, was guilty of bribing and corrupting, and attempting to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure himself to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City; that many of the Aldermen of the said City a fled as Agents for the said Thomas Bates Rous, and also did bribe, and attempt to bribe, with Money and otherwise, a great many Freemen of the said City, to induce them to give their Votes for the said Thomas Bates Rous, at the said Election; that William Mathers, Esquire, Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said City, acted partially and unfairly before and during the Poll, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons-not qualified to vote for the said Thomas Bates Rous, and in many other ttefpefts was guilty of Partiality in the Execution of his Office; that by these, and other illegal Means, the said Thomas Bates Rous procured a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and was returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law, and the Freedom of Elections; and the House. having appointed Wednesday Sevennight, the Second Day of February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand^ the Twentieth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To Sir Watkin Lezves, Knight.

The like Order and Notice to Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of a considerable Majority, both with retpeft to Number and Value, of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within the Manor, Township, and Parish, of West Ardeftey, otherwise Wood-church, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Manor, Township, and Parish, there are lever'al Moors, Commons, and Parcels of Waste Ground, called Haigh Moor, Moor,

Moor, Dunningley Floor, Westerton Green, Upper Lee Green, and Lower Lee Green, containing together, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and others have Right of Common; and that the fame, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but if inclosed, and divided into specifie Allotments, would be of much more equal and general Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said several Moors, Cdmmons, and Parcels of Waste Ground, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savileand Sir Richard Sutton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 34.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Hnefeler and John Erich: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Reginald Clerk,

Patron and Rector of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Staunton, in the County of Gloucester, and of the said Reginald Wynniatt, Elizabeth Ingles, Spinster, William Baylis, and Thomas Jackson, Lords of the Waste of the Manor of Staunton afo.'elaid, according to their several and respective, separate and distinct, Shares thereof; and also of the1 several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement) but which would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing an-# inclosirtg the said Open Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations hs the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Mr. Thomas Edwards Freeman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stoken Church, to Bridge, in

the County of Oxford, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; for more effectually amending some Parts of the said Roads; and for making a new Road, to be. used instead of the other Part of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to His Majesty’s Colonies in The West Indies, from Christmas 1766, to the 10th of October 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Borough are very ill paved, and become very ruinous and dangerous, and in several Parts thereof, by Annoyances and Incroachments therein, rendered very incommodious; and the Streets and Lanes are not sufficiently lighted and cleansed; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, kept in Repair, lighted, and cleansed, by the ordinary Course of I,aw; And therefore pfaying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, keeping in Repair, lighting, and deanf-

Haefeler’s.&c

Nat.

Staunton

Inclosure.

Stoken

Church,

&c.

Road.

Custom

House

Account.

Wheat,

tec.

Cardiff Streets, it c.

+02

2 o9 — 210~Jamarii. /' JL 1774.

ing, the Streets and Lanes in the said Town and Borough, or such other Relief as to the Hoqfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die j

Anno 14* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

" P(t AYERS.

X JfR. Treasurer of the Hoplhold reported to the IV1 House, That their Address' of lad

(that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give EW&ions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, .

Arty Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Estimates, other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great , from

*c* the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of

1774, both Days iiiclusive, being 365 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge $f His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December 1773, to the 24th of December 1774, bptb inclusive* being 365 Days,; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and:Three Companies, of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, ;at Gibraltar, Minorca, and The Ceded

from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of December 1774, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1774; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of (he Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1774: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year, 1774: And also*

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died, on Half Pay, for the Year 1774: And also,

A Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled. to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1774.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of,

1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1774.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lifts were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

14 Geo. III.

21

ant.

493

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great from 25th December 1773 to 24th December 1774, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

Dragoons.

f First Troop of Life Guards -I Second Ditto -

Horse. < FirstTrpop of Grenadier Guards -I Second Ditto -I Royal Regiment of Horfp Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto - -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Earl of Panmure's

Major General Fitzroy's Lieutenant General Carpenter's General Cholnwnds

Lieutenant General Howard's Sir John Mordaun

Marquis of Lothian's -

Light J Lieutenant General Eliott's -

Dragoons. (. Major General s -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards -Sir Jeffery Amherji's Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General s

Lieutenant General A'Court Sir Charles Tho

Lieutenant General Major General '

Major General Mackay's

Foot. < Major General Evelyn's

Lieutenant General s

Sir Adolphus Ought on's -Colonol Robinson's Earl Cornwallis's Lieutenant General Pierjon's Sir Eyre Coote's - -

Lieutenant General Cary's -Lord Adam Gordon’s -Lieutenant General Lambart’s Lieutenant General s

Invalids.

{Colonel Wren's Regiment -£ Twenty Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Total -

Numbers.

181 181 177 1 76 319

345 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231

231

s-3!

1/49

1.058

1.058 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477 477

477

477

477

482

1,040

L°34

2*655

462

n>35J

.1,522

18,024

Pay of the Troops

and Regiments for* 165 Days.

17,605 3 4

1 7»6o5 3 4

10,870 18 4

10,743 n J 4

26,054 4

18,878 2 1

12,896 *3 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 J3 4

12,896 ?3 4

12,896 l3 4

12,896 ?3 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 *3 4

12,896 J3 4

45,980 *7 6

29>759 *3 4’

29,814 8 4

I 0,940 n 6

1 0,940 l7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 *7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 17 6

10,940 l7 6‘

10,940 17 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 *7 6

I®,940 *7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 *7 6

10,940 *7 6

10,940 l7 6

10,940 l7 6

9>336 7 11

18,067 10 —

32,218 l6 —

20,000 — —

T otal.

82,879 6 8

147,844 15 5

25,793 6 8

302,490 14 2

27,403 17 XI

52,218 16 —

£.638,630 16 10

War Office, 19th January 1774.

Barrington.

Vol. 34.

ESTIMATE

404

21° Januarii. A. 1774.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at ^Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1773 to the 24th of December 1774, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Sir William Bootltby's Regiment of Foot -Lord Robert Bertie's - - - *

Lieutenant General Armstrong's -

Lieutenant General Sand fords *

Lieutenant General Keppefs -

Major General GiJborHe's *

Sir John Sebright's -

Lieutenant General Bofcaweri's -

Major General Scott's - -

Major General Carleton's - -Major General SorelPs »

Late Sir William Boothby's -

Lieutenant General Clavering's - - .

Lieu tenant General Given's 4

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions *

Major General Pomeroy's

Lieutenant General Urmston's ..

Lieutenant Colonel O'Hara's Corps.

Garrisons in North Americav/'z. Quebec, Montreal, S'

Augustine, PenJ'acola, Mobile, and &>«//& Carolina Garrisons in iVwa Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, S‘ John's in Newfoundland, Louifboarg, S‘ John's Island, Providence, and Bermudas -

Garrisons in the Islands of Grenada, S‘ Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago - -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Duke of Argyll's 2d Battalion -Lieutenant General Murray's Regiment of Foot Lord George Lennox's -

Earl of Eglintoun's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

G I B R A L TAR.

Major General Clinton's Regiment of Foot Major General Boyd's - - - .

Major General Waljh's -Major General Cunninghame's -

Officers of the Garrison, Idc.

Numbers.

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

955

477

477

214

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

8,801

1,908

1,908

Pay of the Regiments, tie. for 365 Days.

16.940 11,086

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

10.940

22,137

10.940

10.940

4>I7°

17

17

r7

17

l7

*7

17 6 17 6

*7

*7

*7

J7

l7

5 -17 6

17 6

2 6

10,685 7

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

Total.

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

10.940 17 6

201,507 7 6

3>558 *5 —

3,044-----

2,786 3 4

9,161 10 — 4,000-----

43,508-----

5>9l7 11 3

43,763 10 — 3 >749 3

Provisions for Thirteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, iAc. deducting 2 1 d.per Diem from eachNon-commissioned Officer and private Man towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments in the Ceded Islands -Provisions for Lieutenant Colonel 0(Hara's Corps serving in Africa, deducting z\d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government

Total - -

War Office, 19th January 1774.

Barrington.

i3>958 l9 4r 24,307 17 3$

13,477 12 6.

2,321 14 104-

12,617

54,066 4 — 4.

£.375,062 13 44.

ESTIMATE

i4 Geo. Ill

a i° Janu,

405

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishment of

Five Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of , at , Minorca, and the

Ceded Islands, from 25th December 1773 to 24th December 1774, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

A.

Duke of Argyll1s ift Battalion, according to the British Establishment - -

Paid by Ireland for this Battalion

Difference

Sir Charles Montagu's Regiment, the same -

Colonel Barlow's, the same -

Lieutenant General Colviirs, the same -

Lieutenant General Trapaud's, the same -

Three Companies of Colonel Majfey's Regiment of Foot

Paid by Ireland for these Companies - -

Difference - -

Total -

Numbers. Pay for 365 Days. Difference.

477 10,940 17 6

10,066 2 9 874 14 9

477 — — - 874 14 9

477 — — 874 14 '9

477 — 874 14 9

477 — 874 14 9

142 3,116 17 6

— 2,863 ii —

253 0 &

2>527 — — — £.4,627 — 3

War Office, 19th January 1774.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the

Year 1774.

General and General Staff Officers

For 365 Days.

11,473 18 6f

War Office, 19th January 1774.

Barrington.

V. X). 54.

ESTIMATE

40 6

2i° Januarii.

A, 1774.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1774.

15,837 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at c,d. per Diem each - -- -- --103 Letter Men, at 12 d.per Diem each - - - -31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each ----- Per Diem. For 365 Days.

iC- d. 329 18 9 si — 1 3 3 £ s. d. 120,427 3 9 — 424 6 3

15,971 - - Total £336 5 — 122,731 5 — % _

War Office, 19th January 1774. Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1774.

1 Per Diem. For 365 Days.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1773 to 24th December 1774, inclusive - . - - - ’ -For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - For the annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards at £. 10 per Annum each -For Thirty-nine private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards at 7 d.per Diem each - ----- £. s. d. 294 1r t6 1 7 8 12 9 £. s. .107,525 19 2 504 iS 4 90 4i5 3 9

Total " £108,536 1 3

War Office* 19th January 1774. Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half < Pay, for the Year 1774.

Allowances to the Widows for the Year 1774

/. r.

628 — —

War Office, 19th January 1774.

Barrington.

Ordered,

14 Geo. III. a i° Jan 407

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Wareham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, in the Room of Whitshed Keene, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Tonbridge A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are

Wells, kc. thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act,

made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Wells, in the County of Kent, to Bangles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of was preferred to the.

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road made and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Act in other Respects made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the

Poor, and other Parishioners, of the Parish of Saint Shoreditch Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Worldioui*. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are of late greatly increased, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence; and the Workhouse of the said Parish is too fma'll for the Reception of the Poor; and that the present Method of raising and applying Money for the Maintenance of the Poor is attended with many Inconveniencies; and that if the Petitioners had a Workhouse suitably regulated, in which they might employ their Poor, with sufficient Power to compel them to work, such Poor would contribute to their own Support, and be of Use to the Community) and that the Burial Ground of the said Parish is quite filled with dead Bodies, and the Parishioners are at a Lots for a Place to bury their Dead; and that, if a proper Piece of Ground was purchased, for a Burial Place and for a Workhouse, and a convenient House and Buildings were erected thereon, the same would be of great Benefit to the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House ffcall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance to their Address to His Majesty, ElHmate.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the-Year 1774, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 34.

jM ESTIMATE

40 8

2i° Januarii.

A. 1774.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1774-,

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE,

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

’ Gibraltar and North Britain ——

Minorca - -

St. John's and Placentiain Newfoundland -

East Florida ——

West Florida ——

Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago ——

Quebec ——

New York - -- -- -Senegal and Senegambia -

Halifax ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 2,256 Men, Officers included - - *..... - -....

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London - - - -Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands ——

To Colonel William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Consideration of his good Services -

To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services ——

To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services - -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services - -- -- -- -To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging -

To Major General Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Pallais ir> Belleijle, and upon several Expeditions -

To Major Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several

extraordinary Occasions ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in

Flanders and Germany.....-.....- -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the Raft and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

3. d.

36,092 7 6

1,047 5 ~

1,297 2 6

1,003 I5- —

657

967 5 —

I>534 2 ~r

843 10

328 10 — -

1,113 5 —

520 2 6

8,395 ——

7*549 16 8

i*594 5 —

867 5 —

2,144 7 6

456 5 —

45 5 —

91 5 "

32? 10 —

*73 >5 —

365 —

456 5 —

365 —

182 10 —

8,630 18 4

EXTRA ORDINARIES.

For repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at

Gibraltar' -

Minorca -

St. Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness -

Towards inclohng and fortifying the Dock Yard at Portsmouth -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport - -

For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel, and St.

Nicholas ill and ——

Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf, Magazines, and Storehouses, &t Plymouth, and towards the Purchase of additional Land for that Purpose, estimated at £.23,357. 11. 4....

7*4*3

2,448

16 — 15 —

5°o-----

3.000 -

1.000 -

18,641 6 5

2.000 — - —

500-----

6.000 . — —

142,560 12 —

In

14 Geo. III. 21° Januarii.

In further Part of the Charge of improving and (lengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, estimated at /. .51,126 - -

Pay of a military Company of Artificers, serving in the Garrison of braltar ——

In full of the Charge of building Barracks for Two Battalions of Foot at Minorca, estimated at £.12,986. 8. -

Towards removing the Arraval at St. , and making Compensation

to the Inhabitants for their Houses ——

Towards relieving a Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, in North America ——

A Supply of Stores demanded for Gibraltar ——

A Supply of Stores demanded for Minorca -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Train of Artillery, attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America -

For altering and repairing the Royal Observatory at Greenwich - -

To finish the Royal Brals Koundery in Woolwich Warren -

To finish rebuilding the Sluice, and repairing the Wharfing, for Security of the Town and Citaddl of Hull, and Country adjacent - -Towards erecting a Pile of Barracks at Woolwich, for One Battalion of Artillery and their Officers ——

Towards repairing the Soldiers Barracks at the - -

Towards repairing the Damage done by the late Fire in the Tower - -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

Expence of Services performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1773.

Money issued to anfiver Bills of Exahange, for carrying on the current Service at Halifax in Nova Scotia ——

Pay of superannuated and Half-pay Officers, to 31 December 1773 - -

Allowance of Forty Shillings per Diem, to Major Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, from 1 January 1768, to 31 March 1769, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 5 June 1773- - -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, the Second Troop of Horie Guards, the Third Regiment of Dragoons, the Sixteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons, the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and to l'undry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 18 December, 1772, 29 January, 11 February, 7 and 21 April, 13 May, 11 June, iz July,

13 and 26 August, and 30 September 1773 ——

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 8 April, 5 May, and 5 June 1773 ——

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of West Kent, Hants, Devon, and Monmouth, pursuant to His Majesty’s Wa-rants, 15 October, and 1 December 1772, 2 and 6 March 1773 -

Ammunition delivered to 56 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 18 May 1763 - -- -Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of Contingencies in 1773 ——

\loney iiruedforc»rryingC^Ji'^. I sly T7 1

on the current Service- 01

and Contingencies, at \ ^77 3 *

\JWeJt Florida 1,216 16 8

Money issued to pay for the building and repairing Barracks, Hospitals, and Storehouses, in the Ceded Islands, and for defraying the contingent Charges there ——

Money issued to may Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of the Expedition against the Charibees, at St. ——

Pay of Supernumerary Matrolfes in the Ceded Klands, raised for Service at St. Fincent, from 1 May to 31 December 1772, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 12 December 1772 -

Barrack Sheets sent to Minorca, for Supply of Five Regiments of Foot, and Three Companies of Artillery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warranty May 1773 - — — 7

Money ifl'ued towards carrying on a Survey of the Island of Dominica, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, 13 and 9 March 1770.

409

Vol.

Jeff. Amherst, lien. Langlois,

Charles Fr,

Cha' Cocks.

£ s. d.

7 >*53 2 8

L335 5 10

2,281 3 4

2,700 — —

5.9i 1 8 11

IO>799 8 6

2.734 4 4

3.577 — —

1,014 11 11

6,968 1 4

1>35I 1 2

3,000 — —

1.000 — —

1,300 — —

9,000 — —

1,799----

218 13 2

912----

4,886 — 7

549 2

4>343 1 n

2,175 10 5

3>485 '7 3

3,481 11 5

2.35i 3 5

425 18 —

90 16 10

641 11 — 1,083 19 —

102,t39 5 5

26,42 5 — 2

34-

I'

271,124 17 7

Ordered,

.A

Supply.

S:okcn Church, &c. Roads.

CJerkenw ell (St. James) Streets, &c.

410 a r0 — 2 40 JanA. 17 74.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have-Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 240 d;

Anno 14* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

A7ICHOLAS 'Joachim H John Erich, Samuel

y Rapillard, and Abraham took the Oaths

appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stoken Church, to Eujlozv Bridge, in the County of Oxford, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned ;’for more effectually amending some Parts of the said Roads; and for making a new Road, to be used instead of the other Part of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of

Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, on

Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said

Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, and other public

Passages and Places, within the said Parish, are not

properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are

greatly incommoded by Posts, Projections, and other

Annoyances; and that it would be a great Benefit to

the Petitioners, if Commissioners were appointed, with

proper Powers, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the said Streets, Lanes, and other public

Passages and Places, and for removing Obstructions and

Annoyances thereift, and preventing the same for the

future; and also for keeping the Highways and

Roads within the said Parish in good Repair; and

that the Money necessary for defraying the Expences

attending the same should be raised by one Rate or

Assessment; and that the Passage from Clerkenwell Green

to the Parish Church is narrow and inconvenient, and,

in order to make the same of a proper Width, it will

be necessary to take down Part of a House, known by

the Name of The Three Queens; and that the Laws in *

being are ineffectual for collecting the Monies assessed within the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor* and some Powers are wanting, for the better Management and Employment of Persons in the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bacon, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Roger Talbot, Esquire. Lord of the Manor Swinton of Swinton, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in lndolure. the North Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of several Oxgangs of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, and of Luke Thompson, Clerk,

Vicar of the Vicarage of Appleton in the Street aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are there unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of other Estates and Hereditaments there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor, are several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, in which the several Properties lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from the Payment of lithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues: And therefore graying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for thoie Purposes, and for making a Compensation to the said Luke Thompson, for the l ithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues to which he is entitled, arising within the said Manor, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Daniel Lascelles and Mr. Cholmtey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Eld, Stephen Hervey, Edward Hunt, John Hayne, George Mcrttins, and George Meack- s *.nn ham, Esquires, Governors and Directors of the Poor of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants of the said united Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes of declaring the Members of the Society of Gray's Inn, and their Lands and Tenements within the Limits and Bounds thereof, not to be liable to Parochial Duties; and that the Petitioners apprehend, such a Bill would be extremely injurious to the Rights of the said Parishes, wherein the said Society is situate; and that the present Application of the Society Hems calculated to prejudice the Rights of the said Parishes, and to effect, by a Parliamentary Interposition, the Decision which the Ptfrilhes are at this Time endeavouring to obtain in certain Suits at Law, now at Ilfue, brougut by the said Society, against the Officers of the said Pari fires, as Trel’paflers, for Seizures made by them for Non-payment of the Rates assessed on the said Society, and their Tenants of Houses, and Estates held under them within the said Parishes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that several Facts Rated in the said Petition are not maintainable; and that other Facts, also necessary and material for the Knowledge and Information of the House, rjaiive thereto, are omitted to be mentioned: And therefore praying, That they may be

heard

i4 Geo. III. 24° Jamdrii. 41; 1

beard, by themselves, of their Counsel, before the Committee to whom the i'akl Petition is referred, as to the Matters of Fad averred, therein, and may be at Liberty to controvert the lame; or that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief as shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of G Samuel Wegg, Samuel Pechell, Dauby Pickering, John Fenton , and

Andrew Hnddlefton, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the relf of the Benchers and other Members of the Society of Gray's Inn, in the County of , is

referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think St

The House was moved, that the Standing Order of the House, made upon the 5th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, " That, whenever any Petition " presented to this House 111 all have been referred to a " Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

" this House will not admit any Petitioners to be heard,

" by themselves, or Counsel, against such Petition, until the Matter thereof shall have been full reported " to the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly i The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Gryffydd Price, Samuel kVegg, Samuel , Danby John

Fenton Clarke, and Andrew Huddleston, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Benchers and other Members of the Society of Gray's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

Safanaife’s A Bill for naturalizing Louis de Saumaife, was read a Nat. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rapi’.lard’s A Bill for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham *c* Detapierre, was read a Second Time. at‘ ReforeeJ, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Haefeler’s A Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haefeler and ^c- John Erich, was read a Second Time. at’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitw&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster The House being informed that Mr. Seddon, from Bridge the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River

Accounts. Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite

Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called ip; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 23d Day of December 1772, to the 19th Day of 1774, inclu-

live: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1772, to the 5th Day of January 1774; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from the 5th of July 1772 to the 5th of July

1773-

Ana then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Vot.34.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the MernbeK'of the House.

The said Books are pr'efervecf amongst the other , Papers of this Session?

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to St. Vincent* His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Charibbs. Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the last Returns of the Trpops employed on the Ex-pedition against the Ckarib^X of the; Wand, of Saint Fin* cent-, and likewise, an Account, of the Number of Recruits which have been received by those Corps, since the'ill of March 1773.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s njoft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Poor: — prevent unnecessaryand vexatious Removals of the Poor: Vexatious And that Mr. Graves, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir emov *’

Sir George Savile, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service,1 for the Year 1774, including Four thousand Three hundred and Fifty-four Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men for Thirteen ‘Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Way*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer-Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on The Sinking the 5th Day of January 1774, for the Dispoution of fuad-Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called. The Sinking Fund.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Com- — last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to re- Exportation.

" gulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Corning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation of Corn to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in she West Indies, and to the lllands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee*, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

S N

4

4^ 2

6° Januarii. 1774.

Mercuriiy 26° d Januarii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr.

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exche- The Sinking quer, on the 5th Day of January 1774, for the Dispo- Amount, lition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then ccount‘ arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read The said Account is as followeth;

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1774, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

j.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1774, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, amounts to the Sum of One hundred Thirteen thousand One hundred Ninety Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence One Farthing.

Exchequer, the 26 th Day of January 1774.

Edw* mi

St.Vincent’s. Gluribbs*

Clapham

Church.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the last Returns of the Troops employed on the Expedition against the Charibbs of the liland of Saint Vincent; and likewise, an Account of the Number of Recruits which have been received by those Corps, since the x ft of March 1773, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir William Stonhouse, Baronet, surviving Devil'ee, in Trust, named in the last Will and Testament of Sir Richard Atki late of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, Baronet, deceased; Penelope the Wife of George Pitt, of Stratfield Sea, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, another of the Devisees named in the said Will, and also the Sifter and Heir at Law of the said Sir Richard Atkins; Richard Esquire,

another of the Devisees named in the said Will; and of the Rector, Churchwardens, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of and within the Manor and Parish of Clapham aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee the Prbbate of the Will of the said Sir Richard Atkins; by which it appeared, that the said Manor, and also the Advowson of the'Parish or Parish Church of Clapham, stand limited to Sir William Bowyer, Baronet, and Sir William Stonhouse, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, in Trust for Penelope Pitt, for her separate Ule, with Remainder to her First and other Sons thereafter to be born, in Tail Male, with Remainder to Richard ' Bowyer, Esquire, with divers other Remainders over, and in particular with the ultimate Remainder to the right Heirs of the Testator.

And Kenton Couse, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the said Church is a very ancient Building, and is in a ruinous Condition, and too small to contain the Inhabitants for the Purpose of Divine Worship.

The Reverend Mr. Porter, being examined, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, with respe<St to the Insufficiency of the Church to contain the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling a Piece of Waste Ground, within and Parcel so the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Mr! Lozvndes, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Staverton

laciofufc.

Shoreditch

Workhouse,

kc.

Sa6maife’i

Nat.

t4 GeO. III. 0.6° Januarii. 413

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are House, without any Amendment i And he delivered thereunto lubscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Fields, and Commonable Lands and Estates, within the

Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of A Petition of several Freeholders and others* of the Owmbf Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Parish of in the County of Whose Inclosure.

Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Pe- Names are thereto subscribed* was presented to the titioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie in- House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several conveniently intermixed and dispersed, and, in their Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures* present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Im- in the Township and Parish of Owmby aforesaid, which, provement 5 and it would be very advantageous to the in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement several Persons interested therein, if the same were di- and that, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted vided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Owners and Persons interested therein, according to the several Proprietors thereof, according to their to their respective Rights and interests, it would be an respective Rights and interests therein: And therefore Improvement of their Estates: And therefore pray ing the praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common give Leave to bring in a Bilb for dividing and inclosing Fields, Commonable Lands, and Estates, in such Man- the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and ner as to the House shall seem meet. under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Ord, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Knightley and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring Lord Bertie, Mr. , and Mr.

in the fame. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nix. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, within Well Real whom the petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Manor and Parish Real, in the County of Inclosure.

the Poor, and other Parishioners, of the Parish, of Saint Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish,

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and selves, and all other the Parishioners of the said Parish, other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, contain-was referred; That the Committee had examined the ing One thousand Acres or thereabouts, wherein the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconve-and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- niently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, read; and is as followeth 5 viz. are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. tend to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the Thomas Talbot Gorfuchinformed your Committee, That same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts the Poor of the said Parish are greatly increased, and thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, that the Workhouse is too small to contain them, there in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties: being only Eighteen small Rooms to contain between And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Three and Four hundred Persons; that they are obliged bring in a Bill for the Purposes-aforesaid, under such to put Thirty-nine Children, of both Sexes, into Three Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Beds, by which Means they contract Disorders from each Or, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-other, and is very prejudicial to their Healths. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Rickard Rutfon, being examined, said, That the Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. Amcotts,

Method of railing and levying the Poors Rates is at- do prepare, and bring in, the fame, tended with many Inconveniences, the Churchwardens

and Overseers of the Poor having the Money in their Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Tonbridge Hands, and the Governors and Directors of the Poor the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are there- We!I», &c. have no Power to take it out; that there are likewise unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made Road-many Houses let in separate Tenements, which are not in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for chargeable, by Means whereof the Rate is evaded. repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tonbridge

And both the Witnesses laid. That if a proper Wttils, in the County of Kent, to Cross, near Workhouse was erected, and Power given to compel Uckfield, in the County of Suft'ex, was referred; That the Poor to work, they would be able to contribute to- the Committee had examined the Matter of the said wards their own Support, be of Service to the Com- Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as prunity, and a great Ease to the Parish. it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Mr. William Lifter, Grave-digger, informed your Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Committee, That the Burial Ground is so full of dead the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Bodies, that it is impossible to get a Piece of Ground as followeth;

to bury in without Indecency. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, th*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill said Act was read: And, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, Mr. Joftas Smith, Clerk to the Trustees, being ex-within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the amined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse; Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed several and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, large Sums of Money, which now remain unpaid, and for the Use of the said Parish: And that Mr. Anthony cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Re-Bacon and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, the pair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are fame. further continued and enlarged, and the Ad in other

Respects made more effectual.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill for naturalizing Louis de Safanaife, was committed; continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act That the Committee had examined the Allegations of made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Tonbridge Wtils, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross,

Voju. 34. near

Woollen

Manufactory#

See.

Calder Canal. (Sir John Ramsden’*.)

414. 26° Januarii. 1774.

near ifckfield, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr.

Har court, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. ,do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Makers of Woolleii Broad Cloth, in the several Counties of and Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and all others

concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Cloathing Trade is the grand Staple Trade of these Kingdoms, constituting a considerable Branch of our Foreign Commerce, and employing and rendering useful many Thou-fartd Hands, who otherwise would be a heavy Burthen on the Public; and that several Laws have from Time to Time been passed, for preventing the Frauds and Embezzlements the Trade is liable to, but that many new Species of Frauds and Embezzlements have been discovered and practised by the Manufacturers of every Denomination employed in the said Trade, against which the present Laws are by no Means an effectual Remedy, but totally inadequate thereto; and that the heavy Loss the Trade sustains by those Frauds are become alarming, and the Work-people are greatly encouraged therein by the Difficulty of Detection; and, when discovered, the Punishment is very trivial: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Detection and Conviction of, and for a Punishment more adequate to, such Frauds and Embezzlements, than are provided for by the several Laws now in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr. well, ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, a Minor, by his Trustees Dame Margaret Ramsden and Thomas Ramsden, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of t1'- said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Atkinson, being examined, said, That the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is the only Market for Narrow Woollen Cloths in that County, and is situated about Four Miles from the Calder, which is a Navigable River.

That it would be of great Advantage to the Town of Huddersfield, and all Persons having Estates in that Part of the County, if the Navigation was continued from the Calder, near Cooper's Bridge, to a Place called the King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield-, as it

would be a Means of supplying the Country with Coals, Lime, Corn, and many other Articles, much cheaper than they can be supplied by Land Carriage.

That at present the Carriage of Lime from Cooper's Bridge to Huddersfield is 45. a Ton, and that when this Navigation is made, it is computed that it will be carried for 1 s.a Ton.

The Witness also informed your Committee, that he had assisted in taking a Survey of the Lands through which the Canal is proposed to be made; and that it is practicable to make the same near Cooper's Bridge, and along the North West Side of the River Colne, to the King's Mill, near Huddersfield.

And, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Calder navigable, it appears, that the Proprietors of that 3

Navigation are restrained from doing any Works to prevent the making a Navigation from the River Calder to the Town of Huddersfield.

Mr. Atkinson, being again examined, said. That Sir John Ramsden is Lord of the Manor of Huddersfield, and Owner of the whole Town (except One House) and of a considerable Part of the Lands through which the Canal is intended to be made. Then,

Mr. Luke Holt, a Surveyor, informed your- Committee, That he had surveyed the Lands \yhere the Canal is proposed to be made, in which he was assisted by Mr. Atkitfon; and he confirmed the Evidence given

by Mr. Atkinson.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from the River Calder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne, to the King's Mill, near the Town

of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Weddell, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Lewis Newnham, Levett Black-borne, John Coxe, Walter Long, John Parry, and John Madocks, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Benchers of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Lincoln's Inn is One of the Four Inns of Court, and hath been for Time immemorial, and now is, a Society intrusted with the Education of young Gentlemen studying the Law, and with the Power of admitting them to pra<ftife the fame; and hath accordingly been always governed and regulated by the Benchers of the said Society; and that the Lands and Tenements, and other Estates, of the said Society, have from Time to Time belonged, and now do belong, to the Members of the said Society, or some of them; and that the said Society have always considered themselves as having no Concern with any Parish or Parishes whatsoever, either with respect to bearing any Parochial Burthens, or deriving to themselves any Parochial Benefit; and now do, and always have, paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, the said Inn, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, at their own Expence; and also relieved all their Members, Officers, and Servants, when they have been unable to provide for themselves; and that the said Society, with the Inns of Chancery (Members thereof) have always been considered by the Legislature, particularly in the Land Tax and Window Tax Acts, as a separate Body, and as such they proportion and raise those Taxes amongst themselves; and that a Claim has been lately made, by the Parish of Saint Clement Hanes, in the County of Middlesex, upon Part of the said Society, to make the same contributory to the Poors Tax of the said Parish, not only by charging it thereto as Part of the said Parish, but also rating every Chamber as a separate Messuage; by which Attempt not only a new and heavy Burthen is laid upon the said Society, but, in consequence thereof, the Members may be called upon and made to serve Parochial and other Offices, inconsistent with, and entirely subversive of, their original Design and Institution; and therefore, that the declaring the Members of the said Society, and the Lands and Tenements within the Limits and Bounds thereof, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens, would tend to the great Ease and Benefit of the said Society, and is highly necessary to their Establishment as a Society, and cannot be injurious to any Parish, no Parish having heretofore been able to subject the Members, or the Estates, of the said Society, to any Parochial Burthens; nor hath the same been attempted till very lately, and more especially as the Petitioners disclaim all Parochial Benefits, and undertake to maintain their own Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes

aforesaid.

Lincoln’*

Inn

Society.

t4 Geo. III. $66 Janua 415

aforesaid, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as intituled, "An Act for regulating Elections within the the House shall think fit. " City* of and for preferring the Peace, good

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Order, and Government, of the said City/’ might be Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition read.

of Gryffydd Price, Samuel IVegg, Samuel Pechell, Danby And the same being read accordingly;

Pickering. John Fenton Clarke, and Andrew Huddlejion, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi- Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the deration upon Three Weeks, the 21st Day of

Benchers, and other Members, of the Society of Gray's February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Inn, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

Harfeler’s, Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Nat. w^om die Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haefeler and John Erich, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-reded him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1774, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly Called the Sinking Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee* That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

London A Petition of John Roberts, Esquire, was prefefited to Lleftiou. the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of London, the Right honourable Frederick Bull, Lord Mayor of the said City, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and Stephen Sayre and William Lee, Esquires, the Sheriffs for the said City, were the Returning Officers; and that several Persons were admitted, by the said Sheriffs, to poll in Favour of the Lord Mayor, who had (as the Petitioner apprehends, and is adviled) no Right to vote in the said Election; whereby, and by several illegal and improper Practices, and other undue Means and Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the Sitting Member, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who otherwise had a clear Minority of legal Votes, and ought to have been elected and returned a Member, to serve for the said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First,

Vol. 34.

Memorandum:

The following Orders and Notices were font to John Roberts, Esquire, and the Right honourable Frederick Bull, Lord Mayor of the City of London, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mercurii, 26° die Januarii, 1774.

Ordered, That John Roberts, Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon Monday Three Weeks, the 21st Day of February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

J. Hatfell,

Cl., Dorn. Com.

John Roberts, Esquire, having this Day presented his Petition, complaining, That at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of London, the Right honourable Frederick Bu/l, Lord Mayor of the said City, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and Stephen Sayre and William Lee, Esquires, the Sheriffs for the said City, were the Returning Officers; that several Persons were admitted by the said Sheriffs to poll in Favour of the Lord Mayor, who had (as the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised) no Right to vote in the said Election; whereby, and by several illegal and improper Practices, and other undue Means and Proceedings, a pretended Majority hath been procured in Favour of the Sitting Member, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who otherwise had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been elected and returned a Member to serve for the said City; and the House having appointed Monday Three Weeks, the Twenty-first Day r J.February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition info Consideration, yon are therefore to take Notice, That the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Twenty-sixth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To John Roberts, Esquire.

The like Order and Notice to the Right honourable Frederick Bull, Lord Mayor of the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Swansey whom the Petition of the Burgesses, and of several of Markets, the Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-tion} and had directed him to report the fame, as it

5 O appeared

4r6 26° — 27"

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the ‘Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was redd; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. William being examined, said,

That the present Method of exposing Meat to Sale, in the said Borough and Town, is by hanging it up on Penthouses in the public Streets; and that this Practice is very inconvenient, and not only a Nuisance to the Inhabitants, but a great Obstru<ftion to Persons resort-;ng to, and passing through, the Streets of the said Town ‘ and Borough:

That regular and fixed Shambles for the Sale of Meat, would be attended with more Advantage to the Inhabitants, and more Convenience to the Public; and that ' the Garden within the Castle of the said Town, and the Postern thereunto adjoining, will be the most convenient Place for that Purpose:

That it Has been a Custom within the said Borough and Town, Time immemorial, to pay to the Portreeve of the said Bofough, the Skin of every Calf killed or exposed to Sale within the said Borough or Town, by any Person-avho is not a'Burgess.

A Member present informed your Committee, That several small'Sutns are paid to the Portreeve of the said Borough for pitching; and that he was present at a Meeting of the Corporation, where the Portreeve consented to relinquish his Right to such CalfSkins for a reasonable Composition, in order to encourage and improve the Market of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing and regulating the public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan: And that Mr,

Mackworth and Mr. George Venables do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Poor: Mr. Graves presented to the House, according to

RemovalT Order, a Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Re-5’ movals of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 'Tommorrow Sevennight, the Third Day of

bruary'vixt. '.. '7

Supply. T|ie other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His. Majesty. . ' 4;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1773 to the

24th of December 1774, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those iivGarrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of December 1774, both inclusive, being 365.Days, be referred to the said Committee. "*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Flan, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and 'The Ceded {/lands, from the 25th of Docember 1773 to the 24th of December 1774, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff’Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1774, bd referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Che/fea Hospital, for the Year 17 74, be referred to the said Committee.

J.annarii . 1774.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year, 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1774, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.’Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisj 2 70 die J;

Anno 14° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

S IR Francis Vincent presented to the House, accord- Clapham ing to Order, a Bill for vesting a Piece of Waste church Ground, within and Parcel of the Manor of Clapham, urc in the County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Louis de Saumaife’

was read the Third Time.( Nat'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing -Louis-de

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire' their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, RapilUrd’

’ to whom the Bill for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Nat. Abraham Delapierre, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the farpe to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingross’ed.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House dp preach Chaplain, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday next, the 31st Day of this Instant January.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Caldec to Order, a Bill for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Ba- ,g.an?1', ronet, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from fbunlden" the River Colder, between a Bridge called Coopers ' Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne, to The King's

14 Geo. III. 27° Januarii. 417

Kings Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West ‘Riding of the County of And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

West Retford A Petition of several Freeholders and others of the Indofuie. parj(h of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was preferrted to the House, and read; 'Setting forth, That there are several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish Retford, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the'Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying the House to1 take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such ‘Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That L'eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the laid‘Petition: And that Sir CecilWray, Mr. Willoughby, and’Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

S' Saviour’s, A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of - the (Southwark) Poor, and of several of the principal’Inhabitants, of the xv°°irKn<r Par*fh of 'Saint Saviour, Southivark, in the County of

w"ou e‘ Surrey, in'Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the fdid’Parish have'so greatly increased Of late *Years, and are 'now1 so numerous, that the Workhouse is not sufficient to contain them; by reason whereof a great Number are paid Weekly Oilt Pensions, and many others boarded out with different People, at considerable Di fiances, 'and at an-Expence too heavy for the Parish to bear; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the said Expence would be greatly lessened, and the Poor more'properly provided for, if ‘the said Parish were enibled to enlarge- and make commodious the present Workhouse, or to build a new one, 'with‘Powers to purchase Ground and Premises-for such Purposes, and for theR.egularion of the Poor of the said Pari Iff; anti that great Part of the said Parish lies Westward of the Borough High Street, and is called ’The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, containing a large Area of Ground* laid out in Streets; inhabited by many Hundred Families, who suffer great Inconvenience for want 6f a shorter and more open Communication with the said Borough -High Str and that it would

be a great public 'Convenience, if a commodious Carriage Way was made from Rot her hit he, and the 'Eastern Parts of ‘Soutineark, to the Road leading from Saint George's Fields to Black Fryars Bridge; and that the Inhabitants of Saint Parish have already, at

‘ their own Expence, taken down Three Houses, on the North Side of 'King's Street, Snow's Fields, leading into the High Street in Southwark, whereby King's Street ' is contidentbly widened, and is now a convenient Thoroughfare, to and from Rotherhithe, Bermondsey, the Parish of Saint Johand other Eastern Parts of Southwark, into the said Higk Street and that the Petitioners are willing tq continue the Opening towards Black 'Fryars Bridge, for the Accommodation of the Public; and, for that Purpose, to give a small Part of a 'Burying Ground,' situate at the Back

of the Greyhound Inn, if they were empowered to pur-ehafe some other Houses and Premises on the South ' Side Of King Street,' and also the said-Inn, or aPart thereof, and likewise some other HoUfcs at the Entrance of the said Inn in the said High Street, and also such other Houses, Premises, and Ground, as may be necessary for making a convenient Carriage'Way from the said ‘Vol. 34.

High Street, through the’ laid Inn, over the Common Sewer which divides the Parishes df Saint a®d

Saint Saviour, and from thence, cross Redcross Street, through Queen Street and Duke Street, to Gravel Lune:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for the several Purposes ubovementioned,

with such Powers, and under such Regulations, -as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.exa-niine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, ask lha.ll appear to them,-to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cat or, Mr. Bacon, &c.;:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow<r to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Turnpike Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Roads: Names are thereunder signed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes,

<no Carriage liable to be weighed by virtue of the said Act is allowed to pass along any Turnpike Road, being above Twenty Miles from London or W.cfiminster, unless the same be made and constructed in the Manner directed by the said Act; and that such Part of the Act is peculiarly oppressive to be carried into Execution without very great Injury and Loss to the Petitioners, and, inks Operation, tending to ruin anddestroy.aJl the middling and small Farms; and the Petitioners conceive, that, besides the very heavy Expence of the necessary Alteration of their Carriages, all the Parish Roads . throughout the County must be entirely altered, to be adapted -to the passing and rc-passing of Carriages‘of; such Gonstruction as by the said Act. is di-redted ;1 and that' to re>Jmake and repair: those Roads will be1 a grievous Burthen upon the Occupiers of ‘Lands and Tenements; and many Evils and Inconveniences will attend the [Execution, of the said Adfc:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause in the said Act, providing for such Regulations in the Construction of the Wheels of" Carriages travelling on Turnpike Roads above Twenty Miles from London or Wefi-'ininfier.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

- Consideration Of a' Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Gilbert,

See.: And they are td meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have V oices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn — to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to Exportation, consider of lb much of an Act, made in the last Session -of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Exportation of Corn to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in The West Indies, and to the Islands of strfey, Gunn fey, and Alderney, ;1lie . now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wheat* Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal,v exported from that Part of Great Britain called

to‘His Majesty’s Colonies in The West Indies,. from.

‘ Ohrifimas 1766- to the 10th of October. 1773, which as

as

m

418 $j6 Jarlua 1774.

as faf as the same can be made up, distinguishing each four Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other

Year, and each Article, be referred to the said Com- His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great 'Jersey, and

mittee. Guernsey, for the Year 1774.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

mittee. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Seveaty-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. five thousand and Sixty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings:

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Com- and Four Pence, and One Eighth Part of a Penny, be mittee. granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, in-

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, eluding those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and That they had come to several Resolutions; which they for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova had directed him to report, when the House will please Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The Ceded J/lands, and

' to receive the same. ’ Africa, for the Year 1774.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Morning. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred

and Twenty-seven Pounds and Three Pence, be granted Ways and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Dif-Moant. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ference of Pay, between the British and Lrish Establish-was referred to consider of Ways and Means for ment of Five Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re- serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and Solutions which the Committee had directed him The Ceded Ifands, for the Year 1774. to report to the House; which he read in his Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hun-Thale: Where the same were read; and are as fol- dred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and loweth; viz. Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in That, towards making good the Supply granted to Great Britain, for the Year 1774*.

His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of One hundred Thirteen thousand One hundred That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-two Ninety Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one Pounds and Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifth Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Ac-'

Day of "January 1774, for the Disposition of Parlia- count, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners ment, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the of Hospital, for the Year 1774.

Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seven Fund. thousand Five hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Nine-

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinion of this Committee, teen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of jesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth Year 1774-

of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* the 24th Day of June 1774, be further continued, and That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Ten charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny, be granted to Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superan-1774, to the 24th Day of June 1775. nuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards,

The said Resolutions being l'everally read a Second for the Year 1774.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House. That a Sum, ppt exceeding Six hundred and Twenty-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of the Lord North, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Charles His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon Townshend, Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorpey Ge- the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and were neral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robin- married to them before the Twenfy-fifth Day of December fan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1716, for the Year 1.774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Forty-four from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it thousand Six hundred ancrNine-nine Pounds Seventeen was referred to consider further of the Supply granted Shillings, and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, had directed him to report to the House; which he read for the Year 1774.

in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow- That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Four eth; viz. hundred and Twenty-five Pounds and Two Pence, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, granted to His Majesty, for 'defraying the Expence That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for

Five hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

Eighteen thousand and Twenty-four Effective Men, in 1773.

Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

employed for the Year 1774. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House.

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-eight

- thousand Six hundred and Thirty Pounds Sixteen Shil- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny,

lings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better defraying the Charge of Eighteen thousand and Twenty- Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that

he

14GJBO. IIL 270 — -28° Januarii. ' 419

the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the'Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Januarii \

Anno 14* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Severn TV /TR. Dowdtfwell presented to the House, according

Stoke i.VX Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tonbridge Mr. Harcourt presented to the House, according to Well* Order, a Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of

Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard R»p»Hard’s, and Abraham Delapierre, was read the Third Time. j^c‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Delapierre.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the _^Jav>r Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- E unate,‘ fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1774: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1774.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The first of the said Estimates is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Ab-stradt thereof, together with the other Estimate,-are as followeth; viz.

1

Vol. $4.

ABSTRACT

A. 1774.

420*

28" Januarii.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1774.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great B,(Be. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies re-. lating thereto - - - .

I- s. d.

46,212 8 1

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions and other Allowances

20,373 16 7

6,151 x6 7

Chatham Deptford tVoolw j Portsmouth I Sheerness V Plymouth

- 4.200 5 —

- 3^40 11, 4

- 3.287 16 —

- , 6,106 'IO —

- 2,434 8 6

4,868 11 2

10. Muster Masters and other Officers of the Out Ports.

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, (Be. ——

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1774 -

" 26,525 13 2

24,538 2 —

5,410 16 11 48,271 1 10

21,084 16 8

46,000 — —

111,914 — —

107,500-----

1,231 17 6

5,499 8 *

444,188 4 3

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1774, Ten thousand Pounds . ---- - 10,000 — —

£.454,188 4 3

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1774, amounts to Four hundred Fifty-four thousand One hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence,

H. Palliser, J. William, Geo. Marsh,

T. Brett, W. Palm. R. Temple.

Navy

r

g

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o'

r

_ Navy Office, 28th January 1774.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in Mis Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1774; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated thq 19th Instant.

Place where. — Guns. Ships Names. i 1 i i Nature of their 1 Repair. 1 i Time when may be; -- i t... ' Charge of their Total.

T i Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

{ £

Deptford - - - - 74 Gtclloden - w. Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 7,000 1,900 8,900

L _ Alexander - . - Building - fn Hand - - Uncertain - - - 4,000 - 4,000

America - - - Building - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 1,000 - 1,000

28 i Enter prize - - Building - - - In Hand - - March next - 1,700 1,700 3,400

5° Romney - - - - Large Repair - - In Hand - - November next - 8,500 760 9,260

- & 1 Niger. - - Middling Repair In Hand - - November next - - 3,800 35° 4,150

20 j New - - - i i Towards preparing h er Frame - 500 - 5° 0

Woolwich - 74 Bedford; Building - - - In Hand - - September 1775 - 8,000 1,000 9,000

64- Ruby - Building - In Hand - - September 1776 - 1,000 - 1,000

28 Surprize - - Building - - In Hand - - Next Month - - 400 1,700 2,100

... Afteon - - _ Building - In Hand - - December next - - 2,000 1,060 3,000

74 Mars - - Large Repair, - In Hand - - September next - - 8,000 1,605 9,605

20 New - - - That may be set up on the Slip, N° 2 - - - - _ - .509.

Chatham - - " - 9° Formidable m Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - 6,000 1,060 7,000

/ 74 Alfred - - - - Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 3,000 — mm ~ " - -j&ocr -

64 Sterling Gajile - Building - - - in Hand - - October 1775 - 8,000 2,000 10,000

44 Roebuck - - Building - . - - In Hand - - April next - - 3»oooo 2,400 " 5>4C°

74 Cornwall - — . - Large Repair In Hand - - July 1775 - - 8,000 2,000 1 0,00(0

£4 Rxeter - Large Repair In Ha°d - - November next - 6,000 - 6,000

: ! 20 New - - - Towards preparing h er Frame ’ 1 5°° -; - 5O0

Sheernefo - - . - . 50 Bristol Building - - - In Hand - - | Uncertain- - . - - 1,500 - 6,500 '

Towards preparing the Frame of a Sixty-I "our Gun Ship, to be set up when the 1 T nnn 1,000

Bristol is launched 5 1 jvUU T 1 -.

Towards preparing the Slip - Frame of a Sloop of 300 Ton?, to be built on the small I IjOOOO^ ?t- r, j i.oop,

Portsmouth - 74 Berwick - . Building - In Hand - - April 1775 - - _ I» 8,600 2,000 1 } 110,000

J Warrior - - - - Building - In Hand - Uncertain - - - 4,qoo - r > j 4,00a,

64 Lion - - - - Building - - - In tland - - April 1775 - - - 2,000 mm m j 2,000

xo Sphinx " - Building - — - In Hand ~ Uncertain - - l,doo- - '' j i,ac£>l'

Sloop Cygnet - - m m Towards preparing her Frame - - 5°o - 500

14 Geo. III. 28° Januarii.

74 Valiant - - *<- -

( , 1 Monarch -

Dragon' - -

44 Phoenix - -

28 Guadalupe -

Plymouth - - - IOO Royal Sovereign - -

9° Duke - -

64 , Non such

T* Anson - -

+4 Yarmouth - -

74 Fame -

- 1 ( Prince of Wales - -

River Thames 1 i 1 74 \: ' i Vengeance- -

Hector - -

- m — -

5° Experiment -

River Medway - 5° 4 1

Harwich ---- 74 Sultan - -

5® Centurion -

Bucklerfhard - - - -- - H Vigilant - -

Nertham - 5° - Renown -

mi - - ... - - - Diamond -

28 Boreas - -

River Medway - - - f 28 Liverpool -

Large Repair - -« f Small or Middling? f Repair - - J

(Small or Middling? I Repair - - )

-Large Repair (Between Small and? 1 Middling Repair 5

Building -

Building -Building -

Building - -Large Repair Small Repair Middling Repair-

M E R C HA N

Building -Building — Building -Building -

Building - -

Building -Building -

Building -Building -

Building

Building

Large Repair

In Hand - - December next - - 10,000 2»*59 12,659

In Hand - - June next - - - 6,000 1.051 7

July next - Uncertain - - - 4,000 4,000

In Hand -- - June next - — - $>5°° 3.488 8,988

July next - - Uncertain - - - 1,000 1 5°° 1,500

In Hand - - December 1778 9,000 :m — 9,000

In Hand - - December 1776 1,000 - 1,000

In Hand - - - December next- - - 14,000 - t,i8o 15,180

In Hand - - December 1776 5,000 _ - 5,000

In Hand - - March next - - - 7>°Sl 2,500 9.551

In Hand - - December next - - 4 >5®° - 4,500

May next - - Uncertain - - - 2,000 - 2,000

Tc ital King's Yards - - ^172,451 32»293 204,744

T S YARDS.

In Hand - - June next - - - 11,788 6,494 18,28a

In Hand - - July next - - 1 a,006 6,494 18,500

In Hand - - September next - - 10,392 5.586 *5.978

In Hand - - September next - - 11,468 4,653 16,121

In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 9>*47 2,480 11,627

In Hand - - September 1775 - - 9»299 2,000 11,299

In Hand - - March next - - 9.429 3.977 13,406

In Hand - - September next - - 18,208 1,000 19,208

In Hand - March next - 8,961 3,oooo 11,961

In Hand - - April next - - - 3.339 . 3,339

In Hand - - May next -. - - 3,180 - 3,180

In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 3,000 1,000 4,000

Total N lerchants Yatds - - - 110,217 36,684 146,901

Grand.Total for the Ships - - , 282,668 68,977 35' >645

4*

00

2.

§ Deptford -

o>

Chatham

Sheerness

Portsmouth

Plymouth

Krx

g

to'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

n

On Works of the Yards,

- Towards making a new Mail Pond - — ---- - 5,000

For erecting Sheds for seasoning Timber - - - 768

- Towards making Two Slips between the old Mafthouse and South Mast Pond Drain, with 300 Feet Run of Wharfing for front the Slips - 2,000

- To making a Drift Wharf to run as far as the Stern of the Anglesea Breakwater, and towards making new Ground to enlarge the Conveniencies

of the Yard - 1,000

- Towards 330 Feet running Length of Foundation and Stone Wharf on the East Side of the Camber ----- 7,000

Towards completing the Aprons and Stone Piers of the old North Dock, Gates, included ----- - 7,000

Towards lowering the Drain between the said Dock and Bason, for letting the Water off into the Reservoir ---- 2,600

To complete tire Boundary Wall on the new Ground - - - - 1,200

To continue the Marine Barracks for Privates - ------ - 561

To erecting 100 Feet in Length of Sheds for leafoning Timber - - 732

Towards completing Two Slips at the East Part of the new Ground - - - ---- -- - 2,500

- To making a Channel between the new Mafthouses for conveying the Masts to and from the Pond, and fixing Gates at the Entrance of it — 2,000

Towards building 300 Feet in Length of the West Wall of the South C! annel - - 6,695

Towards building 400 Feet id Length of the Wharf Wall in the South Channel - - 4,028

Towards building the North West Storehouse agreeable to the General Plan - 2,500

Towards making a Wharf, &c. for landing Hemp between the new Mafthouses and Boundary Wall, fixing a new Crane, making a Place for-

landing Furze, and deeptning the Water - 3,000

To erecting a Shed for seasoning Timber, 100 Feet in Length - - - -- - - -- 5001

Total - - 49,084

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Yards English Oak Timber, Knees and Thickftuff, over and above what may be expended in

the Course of the Year, that it may be used in a leafoned State, which the present Quantity will not afford to the Degree required for leafoning - 20,000

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards For the Ships in the Merchants Yards

ABSTRACT.

J Hulls

1 Rigging and Stores Hulls -

I Rigging and Stores

Grand Total - - 420,729

"XU } ' »

35M45

Towards the Improvements in the Yards, and erecting Sheds for leafoning Timber - 49,084

Towards providing and laying into His Majesty’s Yards English Oak Timber, Knees and Thickftuff,

Over and above what may be expended in the Course of the Year, that it may be used in a seasoned

State, which the present Quantity will not afford to the Degree required for seasoning - - 20,000

Grand Total - - 420,729

Viz. The Sum of Four hundred and Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds.

H. Palliser, J. William, Geo. T. Brett,

W. Palmer, R. Temple.

4*

04

14 Geo. III. 28° Jamarii.

4$4* 28° Januar. 1774.;

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hoqfe.

March and Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom Wimblington the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Drainage. Fen J^njj and Low Grounds, lying within, certain Boundaries called The Sixth mentioned and

described in and by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the " Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, " anddn the Parish of in the Isle of Ely, and

" County of Cambridge," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Bouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and is as fol-Iqweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,- the said Act was read: And,

' Mr. John Blalock produced a Book, containing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the said Sixth whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £. hath been - borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and Hill remains due.

And being examined, he said. That the said Sum, together with 'flie Money raised by the Tax laid by the said Act, have been regularly applied for the Purposes of the same; notwithstanding which, the greatest Part of the Lands in the said District are at this Time Two Feet and an Half under Water; — that the said Lands are capable of being eflfeftually drained; but that it cannot be done without layingfome additional Tax: And,

William Strong, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Powers of the said Act, as fav as the same relate to the said Sixth District, have been found, in many Re-spefts, defective.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving, certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, <r and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of " March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, " in the Isle of Ely, and County of ," so far as

the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in The Sixth District, in the said Act described: And that Mr. Wyldbore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mutiny. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a. Bill for punishing Mutiny and De-ferfion; and for the better. Payment of the Army and their Quarters-: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second TiiiTe.

Militia. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1774:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Com: Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported

Exportation, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Exportation of Corn to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, and to the Islands ol Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, the Resolutions

which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the -Exportation of Wheat, Flour; Bread,- Biscuit; and Starch made of Wheat, to the Annual Amount of Two thoiifapd Quarters, from the Port of London, ancj of all other Sorts of Corn and Grain, and of Pease,

Beans, Malt, and Oatmeal, from all other Parts of Great Britain', t6 His Majesty’s’ Sugar Colonies in America, b6 at all Times permitted, under certain Regulations; for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the Provisions of the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Itnportation and Exportation df Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and JerJky,. be extended* to allow the Exportation of Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, under certain Limitations, to the Istands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Istand of AlderneJ.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to, by the H-ouse. ':

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Mr,

Fuller, Mr. Pozvnall, Sir Charles and Mr.

Cooper,-do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim HadCrler’a, Haefeler, and John Erich, was read the Third Time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title *at* be, An Act for naturalising Nicholas Joachim , and John Erich.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.:

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ,according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to &c' His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways an<* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to, MeaM* consider further of Way sand Means for railing, the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; " .

The House refofvecj itfelLinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.: \ -

Sir Charles Whitworth'lofk. the’ Chair of the Committee. - . .; ’

’Mr. Speaker resumed-tire Chair. ,; '

Sir Charles Whitworth rcporleA from the Committee,

That they had con|e 'so^a Refojurion; iwfrich they had directed, him to repoiiHwheO -t-he House will, please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon' Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted tho House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Order; made upon p0or:__________

Wednesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to Vexatious prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the R-einova'*-Poor, upon ThursdayMorning next, might be read.

-And'

14 Gf.O. III. 28° Januani — C-Februarit. 425

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of February

next.

Worcester A Petition of several Citizens and Freeman, Electors £k&jon. tjle City of Worcester, whose N#mps are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Membef to represent the City of Worcester in Parliament, in the room of Henry Crabb , Esquire, deceased. Sir

Watkhi heives, Knight, and Thomas Bates Rotes, Esquire, v were Candidates; and that, after the Death of the said

Henry Crabb Boulton, and after the Place became vacant, the said Thomas Bates Rous, by himself and Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on Behalf, and at the Charge, of the said Thomas Bates Rous, before and ducting the Poll for the said City, did give, present, and allow, to the Freemen of the said City, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the Election for the said City, Money, Meat, Dtink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure him the said Thomas Bates Rous to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, in open Defiance of the Law; and that, from the Time of the Death of the said Henry Crabb Boulton, to the Conclusion of the Poll, the City oi Worcester was, by Means of the Treats and Entertainments daily and constantly given by and at the Expence of the said Thomas Bates Rous, or his Agents, to the Freemen of the; said City, kept in continual Riot, Tumult, Idleness, and Dilfipation, to the great Injury-of the Trade and Commerce of the said City, the Dif-trpfs of Individuals, and the Corruption of the Morals of the People, and Disturbance of the public Peace of the said City; and that, by these and other undue Means, a Majority of Votes were procured for the said Thomas Bates Rous, and . he was returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said City, contrary to the Sense, and in Prejudice of the Rights, of the Petitioners, and many Hundreds of the Citizens and Freemen of the said City; And therefore praying the House to take the Prenaiies into Consideration, and give them such Relief as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the Second Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Lewes, Knight, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, vefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then. the House adjourned till' Tuesday f.: Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 1* Februarit;

Anno 14° Georgii III‘" ttegis, 1774.

Prate rs.; ‘; -

Mr. Wilke:. "\ /¥" It.. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had. iVl received a Letter from the Sheriffs of'

Informing him, that they had summoned John Wilkes, Esquire, as Member for

Clapham A Bill for veiling a Piece of Waste Ground, W'ithim Church aru^ ^drce‘ the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build Vol. 34.

a new Parish. Church thereon, was read a Second

rp*

I ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onfloxv, &c.: And they acre to meet this

Afternoon, at. Five of; the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambejv.

Mr. Wyldbore presented to the House, according to March

.Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more enec-tual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign Dnrinag^06 of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

" Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or " Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Hie of Ely, and County of " Cambridge" so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth in the said Act described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for enabling Sir John Ram/Jen, Baronet, to Calder make and maintain a Navigable Qanal, from the River Canal. Calder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the j^mfden’s) Mouth of the Riv'er Colne, to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a. Second Time.

Refolded, That the Rill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Mea» Severn dows. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor Stoke and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of Warcester, Inc 0 ure* w-as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. t veil, Mr. Cornwall, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

A Petition of Hugh Jackfoh, William Reddale, Valen- Duddington tine Godfrey, Samuel Freeman, Edward Beaver, and inclosuje. others, Qvvners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of Duddington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, which, in their present Situation, are incapable Of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a considerable Advantage to the Proprietors of Lands therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, under loch Regulations, as to the House lha.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That' Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfiuant ;to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudenell and Sir - Thomas Claveritly do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Lord Twyford Viscount, Wenman, of Tuam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Indofuro. J.ord of the Manors, and principal Proprietor of Twy-ford, 9.nd CharnJon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham, and also Lessee of the Tithes and Glebe Lands there, and of the Rector and Fellows or Scholars of Lincoln College, in Oxford, Lessors of the said Tithes and, Glebe Lands, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Open and Common Lands, containing together, by Elliination, 1,900 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Imprqvement; and that, if the same were inclosed, allotted, and divided, it would be very advan- '

tageous to the Proprietors: And therefore praying.

ib Februariii A. 17^4.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bhng in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Plymouth A Petition of the several, Persons Whose Narhei arse Paving, &c. thereunto subscribed, who are-Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read'; Taking Notice of Two Acts, passed in the ioth and 12th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of , in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; and Setting forth, That Doubts and Disputes have arisen, touching the Limits to which the Assessments for the Purposes of the said Acts do or ought to extend; and that many Parts of the said Borough consist of Fields and uninhabited Trails of Ground, and of Houses which lie at a great Distance from the populous or Town Part of it, lb that no Benefit under the said Acts accrues to the Owners and Occupiers of such Premises by virtue of the said Acts; which Premises have been lately assess'ed to the Purposes of the said Acts, under a Notion that the Generality of the Words thereof is comprehensive enough to take them in; which, the Petitioners conceive, was not intended; and that the Commissioners, not being directed in express Words to exclude them, or to draw a particular Line, cannot be warranted in so doing; and that, by the Law now in being, the Petitioners, as well as other Inhabitants of the Two Parishes that are comprized within the said Borough, are liable to the Statute Labour for repairing the Highways of the Parishes wherein they reside, which, together with the Assessments directed to be levied by the above-mentioned Acts, may be very burthensome to the Petitioners, and extremely grievous to the poorer Sort of Inhabitants; and that such of the Petitioners as are possessed of such Premises as from their Situation can receive no Benefit from the said Acts, and other Persons in the like Situation, are willing to take upon themselves the foie Repair of the Highways in the outlying Parts of the said Borough, provided they are declared to be exempted from Assessment under the said Acts; and that such others of the Petitioners as are subject to Assessment under the said Acts, are willing that the said Exemptions should take Place, provided they are themselves relieved from the Burthen of repairing the Highways in the outlying Parts of the said Borough; and that the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Devon, concerning any Matters within the said Acts, greatly obstructs the Execution thereof, and occasions a Wade of the Money raised for the Purposes of the said Acts, as well as much Vexation and Expence to the Land Owners and Inhabitants within the said Borough; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Appeal was confined to the . Quarter Sessions for the said Borough, not only the said Acts would be executed with greater Facility, but would free the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the said Borough from being put to any unnecessary Inconvenience or Charge: And therefore praying for such further Amendment of the said Acts, in thele and all other Re-spedts, as may remove any Inconvenience attending the Execution of the said Acts, and may make the same as little burthensome, and as largely beneficial, to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and as conducive to the Resort of all Strangers, as possible.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Graves, Mr. Elwes, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power td fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

brdered. That all have Voices who come to the Voices Committee, to whofn the Petition of the Gentlemen, Leeds and Merchants; Traders, and other the principal Inhabi-ttints, in the County of York, is referred. a

A Petition of the Chufchwafden$ arid Overseers of 9t. Clement the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement , in the Dane* — County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and all ^Lin^a>i* other the Inhabitants of the said rarish, was pfefented Sockty.) to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, Hating, that the Parish of Saint ment Danes had lately made a Claim upon Part of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, to make the same contributory to the Poors Tax of the said Parish; and praying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes of declaring the Members of the said Society, and their Lands and Tenements within the Limits and Bounds thereof, not to be liable to Parochial Duties dr Burthefts; and alledging, that the Petitioners have rated, to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, the Inhabitants of certairi Messuages and Tenements situate in Serle's within the said Parish, and which do riot belong to the said Society, but are the separate Freeholds of certain Individuals, who are compellable to pay their Rates, exclusive of the Society; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, in case the Bill prayed for should pals into a Law, it would be highly injurious to the Rights of the said Parish, as it would not only tend to exempt a Part of the Parishioners from a just and reasonable Contribution for the Support and Relief of the Poor, to which all are liable, but would declare that the Messuages and Tenements, so rated, are Part of the said Society; and that, in order to compel the Payments of the said Rate, the Petitioners have already made several Distresses upon certain Inhabitants of the said Messuages and Tenements within the said Parish, and are now preparing to enforce the Payment thereof by a due Course of Law; and that the present Application of the said Society is intended for the Purpose of flopping, by a Parliamentry Interposition, the due Course of the Petitioners intended Proceedings at Law for Recovery of the said Rates; and that the Petitioners conceive, that several Fadts therein stated are not maintainable; and that other Fadts, necessary for the Information of the House, relative thereto, are omitted to be mentioned: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Petition; or that they may receive such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Thomas Eld, Stephen Hervey, Edward gt. Andrew’s Hunt, John Haytte, George Merttins, and George Meack- Holborn — ham, Esquires, Governors and Directors of the Poor of (Lincoln’s-the United Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the society > Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants of the said United Parishes^was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth. That great Part of the said Society is situate within the said Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the bill prayed for should pass into a Law, it would be injurious to the Rights of the several Parishes wherein the said Society is situate; and that the Petitioners have, pursuant to the Laws in being, duly rated, to the Support and Maintenance of the Poor, the Inhabitants of the several Tenements, in such Parts of the said Society as are within those Parishes; and that the present Application of the said Society is intended for the Purpose of flopping, by a Parliamen-

14 Geo. III. ta Februarii.

tary Interposition, the due Course of the Petitioners intended Proceedings at Law for Recovery of tire laid Rates; and that the Petitioners conceive, that several Fasts therein stated are not maintainable, and that other Fasts, necessary and material for the Knowledge and Information of the House, relative thereto, are omitted to be mentioned: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Petition; or that they may receive 1’uch other Relief, as to the House shall ieen> meet.

A Petition of Benjamin Kennett, Benjamin Ireland, WiLiam Seager, Richard Jones, ’Thomas Samffon

Rainforth, and Samuel Roberts, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Committee for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Benchers of the said Society intend to include within the said Bill a certain Court called Serle's Court, and to claim the same as Part of the said Society, which the Petitioners infill is no Part thereof, and which the Benchers of the said Society have already declared, by an Order of Council, dated January 23 1772, to be separate Freeholds on the Sides of the said Court next to Serle Street and Cary Street, and to be liable to the Charges for paving the fame, exclusive of the said Society; and that the Petitioners, having received the said Order from the Steward of the said Society, proceeded to afiefs the several Owners and Occupiers of every Messuage and Tenement within the said Court, to the Rates for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Courts, Lanes, and other Places, within the Parish, distinct and exclusive of the Society, which’ they apprehend they were authorized to do by virtue of certain Powers vested in them by an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and that, incon-sequence of such Assessment, they have proceeded to demand the fame, and are now preparing to enforce the Payment thereof by a due Course of Law; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the present-Application of the said Society seems calculated to prejudice the Right of the Petitioners, by a Parliamentary Interposition, and to prevent them from pursuing their just and legal Measures for the Recovery of the said Rates, and which they are now by Law entitled to; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case the Bill prayed for should pal's into a Law, it would be highly injurious to the Interest of the several. Persons who have already advanced considerable Sums upon the Credit of the said Rates, and to whom the same have been already mortgaged by the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Countel, against the said Petition; or that they may receive such other Relief as to tl?e House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mutiny. . A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their (Quarters, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a, Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That’ this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

VOL.34. _

Resolved, That the Bill be eomniitted to a Committee of the Whc^e House;'1' ’ .

Resolved, That this Kdufe will, Th-morrow Morning; resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole Hoflfe, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Fuller presented to the Hoaife, according to Order, a Bill to allow the Exportation of Com, Gtain, and other Articles, to His Majesty?fc’Siigir Colonies in1 America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wheat', Meal,'Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the ITland' of Alderney: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning ridxt.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Burgesses, of thcTQwn and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glam, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other’ Inhabitants, residing in or near the fame, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,* and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, for the House; and he read’the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. . '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Edwards, being examined, said, That the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Borough are very ill paved, and are. dangerous to Travellers; and that the Annoyances and Encroachments in several Parts render the Passages of Carriages very difficult and inconvenient; that the said Streets and Lanes are not sufficiently lighted and cleansed, nor can they be effectually amended, lighted, and cleansed, unless some further Provisions are made by Parliament for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes, in the Town, and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Macfnvorth and Mr. George Venables Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir. Charles Whitworth, according to Order, feported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1774, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that d propor-

tionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questjpn put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

5 R Resolution:

.Com — Exportation,

Cardiff

Streets, See.

Ways and Means.

428

Resolution: And that Sir the Lord

North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Charles

Mr. Charles James Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Chaplain.' Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor King, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*!1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Worcester HP H E Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-ElcAion. A. tion the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, and also the Petition of several Citizens, and Freemen, Electors of the City of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the City of Worcester, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 104 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Sir Watkin Lewes, and his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending: also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 1 ft Day of February 1774, made up in his Presence, in the Man-

ner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," vva* read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation incloted therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, " put into the said Box, on the 1 ft Day of February " 1774," was read.

0

A. 1774.

And the said Name*, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Maijner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glades, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present* were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Clare being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the Cause of such Requisition, upon Oath, he was ex* cufed accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lord George Germaine being’ drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Lord GeorgeGermaine was intended to be no-

minated by the said Petitioners; and the said Lord George Germaine having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members ft drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, tha Counsel for the Sitting Member was called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate one from amongst the Members then pielent, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to lerve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Sir Richard ton* B&ronet; who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committe, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lilts of the Names of the Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not exculed, or let aside, having been prepared by* the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner.

Sir Watkin Lewes, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Petition of Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire, was joneg», presented to the House, and read *, Setting forth. That Name. John Purnell, of Kings hill, in the County of Gloucester,

Esquire, the Petitioner’s Uncle, hath requested the Petitioner to take upon him, and use, the Surname of Purnell only, and bear the Arms of Purnell; and that the Petitioner, at the Request of his said Uncle, is desirous of taking and bearing the Surname and Arms of Purnell only, and of having the same established upon him and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Mr. Whitshed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Hedon the Borough of Hedon, in Holderness, in the East Riding Navigation, of the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, redding the re, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Haven, o(Hedon, is an ancient Navigation, but, by Reason the dressing and cleansing thereof has been neglected for some Years, the same is now greatly warped up; and

that

i° — 2° Februarii

*4 GeO. III. 2° FebruariL 429

that the Haven is capable of being made navigable, froth the River Humber, tb the Town of ,which would be of great Advantage to the said Town, and likewise of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; with such Regulations, for the Maintenance and Pre-fervation of the said Navigation, as to the House shall appear necessary and proper:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fatne, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. 1’hompfon, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gom A Petition of the Merchants of London, Importers &enega. ancj Exporters of Gum Senega, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read I Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, several Duties were imposed upon Gum Senega and Arabic imported into, and exported from, Great Britain; and that, by the said Act, the Importation from Africa was confined to Great Britain, under the same Restrictions as those prescribed for Goods of the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies in America, by Two Acts of the Twelfth and Twenty-second of Charles the Second; and that the high Duty on the Exportation of Gum Senega has afforded great Temptation to smug-gling it out of this Kingdom, as also to the fending it direct from Senegal to Holland and other Parts, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty’s Revenue, and Injury of the fair Trader: and that a very small Proportion of the Quantity of Gum Senega imported from Africa is consumed in the Manufactories of this Kingdoms he principal Consumption being in Holland,

and other Places, which are continually increased or diminished, in Proportion to the Price it can be afforded at from Great Britain \ and that the Quantity imported for some Years past has exceeded the usual Consumption, which has been greatly diminished by the high Duty on Exportation, and has occasioned a Fall in the Price of that Commodity from /.120 to £.30 Ton; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it will be impossible to prevent the illicit Practice of a fraudulent Exportation of this Article, either from Africa or Great Britain, while the Export Duty is so high, and affords so great a Temptation to Smuggling; and that the principal Consumption of Gum Senega over all Europe commences early in the Spring; and that many of the Petitioners have received very considerable Orders for this Commodity, to be executed in case a Reduction of the Exportation Duty shall take place: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give them such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Prescott, &c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dfeping A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of

Fens Lands lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the

Drainage. County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of his late Majesty, several Acts were made, for draining and preserving the Fens called Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the said Acts particularly described; and that great Sums of Money have been expended in draining the same 5 but that the said Fens have for some Years past been overflowed, and Vo l. 34.

are at present of very little Value; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the said Fens are capable of being drained and improved, if some further Power* were given to the Undertakers for those Purposes, and some Alterations and Amendments made in the said Acts; and that there are now (landing, upon or riear the Banks of the River Welland, in the Parish of Spaldutg, Whatfs, Buildings, and Premises, which greatly obstruct the Passage of the Water, and occasion the adjoining Lands to be overflowed; and it is necessary that the said Wharfs,-Buildings, and Premises, or some Part thereof, should be purchased, and taken down, in order to widen the said River, for the better effecting the Drainage of the said Fens: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring irt a Bill to enlarge and alter the Powers of the; laid several Acts for more effectually draining and improving the said Fens, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall t^iink fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George &c.: And they are to riieet To-hiorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles presented to the IJoufe, accords Swinton :ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure; Fields; Common Pastures, and otheruninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of in the Parish

of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. George Bridges Britdcness presented to the House, Duddington according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure* Open and Commonable Fields within the Parish of dington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commislloners for carrying into WestminlUf Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, P»vi>n2-cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and lnn

other Places, within the City and Liberty of Lincoln’s Inn

and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and Societies.) read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Petitions of the Societies of Gray's Inn and Lincoln’s Inn have been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for declaring the Members of the said Societies, and their Lands and Tenements within the Limits and Boundaries thereof, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if Acts for such Purposes should pass, the Securities of , the several Creditors who have lent Monies on the Paving Rates, within the Parishes and Places wherein the said Inns are situate, will be altered and lessened, and the Purposes of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating to paving, clearff-ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of in some Measure defeated: And therefore praying,

That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the passing of such Acts as are prayed for in the said Petitions; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Land Tax. ing to Order, a Bill for granting-atj Aid to His Majesty,

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy-

m.-

4i

3

Febrtiarii.

A. 1774*

Seventy-four: And the same was deceived j and read . the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Malt. , Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the floufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to fjis Majesty, . certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fopr, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com->mittee. That they* have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the ,25th Day of March 1774, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1772, to satisfy Principal - and Interest charged thereupon, be made good opt of . the Supplies for the Year 1774.

Then the House resolved itfplf into the said Committee.

j Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

.. Sir Charles Whitworthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to-receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Worcester Sir Watkin Lewes, the Petitioner before-mentioned, Lieftion. with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together ,with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, th,e said Clerk . informed the House, that thp Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House ' the Lifts so ltruck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-liruck whkh last mentioned Lift was read by . Mr. Speaker; and is as follows:

Sir Brownlow Cujl, Baronet, Manger, Esquire,

Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, William Burrell, Esquire, John Smith, Esquire, H Esquire,' William Wol/aston, Esquire, John Esquire, Sir Henry

Pau/ctt Saint John, Sir William Baronet, Sir Mat-

thew While Ridley, Baronet, Benjamin , Esquire, the honourable Charles

And the Names of the said Lord George Germaine, and Sir Richard Sulton, Btironet, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were catled.over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir Knight; and

also of the Petition of several Citizens, and Freemen, Electors of the City of complaining of aTi

undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester-, and they were then ftvorn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly " tty the Matter of the Petition of Sir Watkin " Lewes, Knight; and also of the Petition of " several Citizens and Freemen, Electors of the " City of Worcesterreferred to you; and a " true Judgment give according to the Evi-'f dence.

.: . ..... help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Sir Watkin Leaves, with the , Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were then dhrested to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole eans‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means ,fur raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Friday Morn- Mutiny, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , . Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 30 die Fe;

Anno 14* Georgii IIP11 Regis, .1774.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Trustees of an Act, of Parliament,

passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late &cf Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act Roaik«

" for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury,

" in the County of Huntingdon, through I Carboys, Old " Huxjl, Saint Ives, Hilton, Ultisley, W, Gamliugdy,

" and Potion, t<? a House called The Spread Eagle, in " Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon,

" Cambridge, and Bedford,"was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of jf.4,800 on the Credit of the said Act which Sum,.and also the Money collected, have been duly applied, according, to the Direction thereof, and great Progress ha? been made; but it has not been possible effectually to repair the said ltoad, ner can the same be done, and the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Term by the said Act granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Ludlow, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Bethell, Richard Savage Hull Esquires, and the several other Persons, whole Names River are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or other- Dra:‘iag*. wife interested in, several Low Grounds and Carrs, lying contiguous to, and on each Side of, the River Hull, in the F.aft Riding of the County of York, was presented to the Home, and read; Setting forth,

Thpt 'upwards of £.20.000 have been expended in the draining and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, on the Eat! Side of die-fud River: and that it 4 hath

14 Geo. III. 30 Februarii.431

hath been found, by Experience, that the Drainage of the said Low Grounds and Carts cannot be effectually completed, till the said River be deepened, widened, and preserved, and the many Obstructions therein removed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James , Mr. Wed-

dell, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Malt. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ijnd Tax. A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Serviceraf the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wetherbjr A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to to put in Execution an Act of Parliament for repairing

Road^0" anc* ^dening High Road from Wether by to

ton, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which have been laid out towards the repairing and amending the same; and that the said Road hath been amended and repaired; but the Money so borrowed, with a large Arrear of Interest, are still due; and which, together with the Tolls, are insufficient to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the Term by the said Act granted is nearly expired; and that the said Road might be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, if a Term was added to the Term of Five Years granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment and Preservation " of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this " Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the " Laws relating the reto:" And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 34.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John

Cavendish,8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Second Corn —

Reading of the Bill to allow the Exportation of Corn, Exportation. Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of " Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal,

Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, and Alderney, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, Tonbridge an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His ^ells

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the 08 ‘

Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-court, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Louisa Hoivard, Widow, Lady of the Beetley,

Manor of Beetley, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner ^c-

of a certain Right of Foldcourse, or Liberty of Sheepwalk, Inc 0 ure‘ called Beetley Sheepwalk, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements, in the Parishes of Beetley. Great Bittering, and in the said County, within the said Liberty of Sheepwalk, and entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish of Beetley, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc, in the said Parishes, some or one of them, within and subject to the said Liberty of Sheepwalk, or Right of Foldcourse, certain Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, containing together, by Estimation, 830 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are also certain Commons or Waste Lands, lying within the said Parish of Beetley, called Beetley Heath and Beetley Common, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are certain Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests, in and over the said Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, and also in and over the said Commons and Wastes; and that the several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated; and, so long as they remain subject to such Rights and Claims, Trespaftes are likely to happen, and Disputes may arise between the Proprietors and Persons claiming and entitled to such Rights; and that the Petitioner, Louisa Howard, and much the greatest Part in Value of the said Owners and Proprietors, are desirous that the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, and all other Commonable Rights whatever, may be extinguished; and that the said Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, and also the said Commons and

5 S Waste

o

° Februari

434

A. 1774.

Waste Lands, may be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJiley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 14® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

Treasury — r I ''HE House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from Fp(jfelted the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called

Scotland *n an^» at ^ar> Pre^ented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper; intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Estates " in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth " Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid " before both Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Excise The House being informed that Mr. from the

Accounts Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the ^ccoun Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presentecLto the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 10th and nth Days of June, and ill Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

Painted or An Account of the Quantity of painted or llained Stained Paper, which has been llamped in North Britain, from Paper. jft January 1767 to ill January 1773: And also, Callicoes, An Account of the Annual Drawbacks of Excise on &c> printed Callicoes exported, at the Rate of Sixpence per square Yard; also, an Account of the Drawbacks of Excise on Linens and Cottons exported, at the Rate of Three Pence per square Yard, for Ten Years, from 5th July 1762 to 5th July 1772.: And also; Brewing An Account of the Names and Places of Abode of Victualler;, all Brewing Victuallers in North Britain, who have not brewed more than Twenty-five Barrels of Strong Beer, or Ale, within the Year ended the 5th Day of July 1773: And also,

Retailers An Account of the Names and Places of Abode of Beer8 l*eta^ers Strong Beer, or Ale, in North Britain, ’ C‘ who have not retailed more than Twenty-five Barrels within the Year ended the 5th Day of July 1773.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Customs The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the (Scotland) Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at cfrunW the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 7th, 21ft, a8th, and 30th Days of April, and loth Day of , in tht last Session of Parliament,

8

An Account of all Linen, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, and exported from Scotland, with the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and what to othet Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772; And also.

An Account of British and Irish Linens, printed, painted, or stained, which have been exported from Scotland, for Ten Years preceding January 1772: And also,

An Account of Raw Linen Yarn imported into Scotland from Foreign Parts, for Twenty Years preceding January 1772, with the Duties paid thereon; dist each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported from Scotland, from the Commencement of the Bounty (being 24th June 1756) to January 1772; distinguishing the Quantities, and Bounties paid each Year: And also.

An Account of Foreign Linens printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, and exported from Scotland, with the-Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and what to other Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772: And also,

' An Account of the Total Quantities of Tycks, or Tyckings, imported into Scotland, and exported from thence, for Twenty Yeats preceding January 1772, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Exports of British Manufa<5lures from Scotland, to Holland, Germany, and Russia; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Goods, and the Quantities and Values to each of the said Countries, for Forty Years.preceding January 1772: And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Values of the several Species of Merchandize, of the Produce of the East and West Indies, or of North America, exported from Scotland, to Holland, Germany, and Russia, for Forty Years preceding January 1772; distinguishing each Year, and each Species: And also.

An Account of the Imports and Exports between Scotland and the Coast of Afrom Christmas 1761, to Christntas 1772; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all Foreign Linens printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, which have been exported from Scotland; distinguishing what have been sent to His Majesty’s Colonies, and what to other Places, for Ten Years preceding January 1772: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of painted or stained Paper, which has been exported from Scotland, frotli the ift Day of January 1767, to the ift Day of January 1773, being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Scale Board imported into Scotland, from the ift Day of January 1767, to the ift Day of January 1773, being as far as the same can be mtide up.

Mr. Rowentfo, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships, from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their re-l’pective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of 1772, to the 10th of

October 1773: And also,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, Pease, Beans, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, that has been exported from Scotland, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted by the Act 13th Geo. III. Cap. 3.

And

Printed,

&c.

Linen.

Ditto.

Linen

Yarn.

Linens

exported*

Foreign

Linens.

Tyckings.

British

Manufactnrej

exported.

Foreign

Merchandize

exported.

Imports

and

Exports.

Foreign

Linens

printed,

&c.

Paper painted or stained.

Scale

Board.

Whale

Fishery.

Corn,

See.

14 Geo. III. 4 0 Feb433

And then he withdrew. Parish of Oivmby, in the County of Lincoln: And the

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. same was received; and read the First Time.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of the Papers of this Session. Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of

Ann, in the County of Hants, and of several other Per-Qnm Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to fons having Right of Common upon the Sheep Downs

Senega, whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, Im- w-ithin the said Parish, was presented to the House, and

porters and Exporters of Gum Senega, whose Names read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said

are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and Parish, several Open Arable Fields and Lands, and also others, was referred; That the Committee had examined certain Downs, or Sheep Walks, upon which the Peti-the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and tioners and others have Right of Common; and that had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present Situa-and he rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- tion, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was that it would be advantageous to all Persons having

read; and is as followeth; viz. Right of Common upon the said Downs and Fields, if

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said the same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof Petition is as follows; made to the Persons interested therein: And therefore

It appeared by an Act of the Fifth Year of His pre- praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

sent Majesty, that the following Duties were imposed the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the upon Gum Senega and Arabic imported into, and ex- House shall think proper.

ported from, Great Britain; viz. Six Pence per Hun- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-dred Weight upon Importation, and Thirty Shillings suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. per Hundred Weight upon Exportation; and by the and Sir Simeon Stuart do prepare, and bring in,

said Act the Importation from Africa is confined to the fame.

Great Britain. And,

Mr. John Shoolbread informed your Committee, That A Petition of several of the Broprietors of Lands, the high Duty on Exportation of Gum Senega has Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and afforded great Temptation to smuggling it out of this Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, of the Kingdom, and also to fending it directly from Senegal Township and Liberty of Ibjiock, in the County of to Holland, and other Parts, to the Prejudice of His Leicester, whose Names are subscribed, was presented Majesty’s Revenue, the same being frequently entered to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands as other Goods to be carried Coastwise, and is afterwards of the several Proprietors lie intermixed, and dispersed exported to Holland, and by being shipped in Africa, and over the said Common Fields and Common Grounds carried to other Parts, without being first: landed in Great in small Parcels, and cannot, in their present Condition, Britain. be improved in the Manner they might be, ifinclosed:

It appeared, by an Account from the Custom House, And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to that the Quantity of Gum Senega imported into, and bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said exported from, Great Britain, for Seven Years preceding Common and Open Fields, Wastes, and Common the said Act, commmibus Annis, was — imported 381 Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Tons — exported 300 Tons — remained for Home Con- meet.

fumption 81 Tons: And by another Account of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Quantity imported and exported for Seven Years, com- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. munibus Amis, since the passing the said Act, was — im- Medley, Sir John Palmer, and Sir 'Thomas Cave, do preported 351 Tons — exported 70 Tons — remained for pare, and bring in, the fame.

Home Consumption 281 Tons.

And the Witness further said. That the Quantity A Petition of the Right honourable Washington Earl imported for some Years hath exceeded the usual Con- Ferrers, and the humble Petition of other Persons, whose fumption; which has been greatly diminished by the high Names are thereunto set. Proprietors of Lands in the Duty on Exportation, and has cauled a Fall in the Price Open Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and other Commonable from £. 120 to £. 30 per Ton. Then, Grounds, within the Parish of Ratoliffe upon fVreak, in

Mr. Israel Levin Solomons informed your Committee, the County of ,was presented to the House,

That there have been no Orders from Abroad for the and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands Exportation of Gum Senega since the Commencement in the said Open Fields, Meadow's, Pasture, and other of the present high Duties; though there are at present Commonable Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, very considerable Commissions for that Commodity, and, in their present Situation, not capable of any con-provided the Duties on the Exportation thereof are siderable Improvement: And therefore praying, That lessened, and the same can be shipped early in the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and Spring, the Time that the principal Consumption of inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Gum Senega, all over Europe, commences. Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the fVreak, in the County of Leicester, in such Manner as to Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, paring next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. House, to consider of the said Report. Medley, Sir John Palmer, and Sir Thomas , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Leed* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to and Seiby whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, A Petition of the Most noble Henry Duke of New-Canal. Traders, and other the principal Inhabitants, in the castle, and of the Right honourable Earl

County of York, was referred, be received upon Monday Ferrers, and the humble Petition of other Persons Morning next. whose Names are thereunto set, being Proprietors of

Lands and Common Right in the Open Fields, Mea-Owmby Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord- dows, and Pastures, within the Township or Liberty of Iodofure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Sutton Saint Anne's, otherwise Sutton Bonington, in the Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, Vol. 34. and

Abbotti

Ann

Inclosure.

Ibstock

Inclosure.

Ratcliffe

Inclosure.

Sutton Saint Anne’s Inclosure.

434 4 Februarii. 1774.

and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, not capable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Anne's, otherwise Sutton , in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Medley and Mr. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sowerby A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the major Part in Number and Value of the Proprietors of a certain Field and Pasture, within the Township of , in the County of York, called Sowerby Town Field, and The Ox Moor; and that the said Field and Pasture are greatly injured for Want of proper Cultivation; and that the Petitioners are also entitled to Right of Common upon a certain Common within the said Township, called Sowerby South Moor, which lies waste and undivided; and that, by inclosing the said Field, 'Failure, and Common, the Petitioners will be at Liberty to cultivate and im-

Sove their Lands greatly to their Advantage, and for the enefit of the said Township of Sowerby: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Frankland, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Upton A Petition of George William Earl of Coventry, Lord Snodflwy of the Manor of Upton Sno and Proprietor of Lands Inclosure. lying in the Open and Common Fields, and Meadows, within the Parish of Upton Snodsbury, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of Armel Green, Esquire, Impropriator of the Rectory-and Tithes Impropriate of the said Parish of Upton Snodsbury, and Patron of the Church there, and also a Proprietor of Lands within the said Open and Common Fields, Henry Green, Clerk, the Vicar of the said Parish of Upton Snodsbury, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of other Lands, and otherwise interested in the said several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and Waste Lands, in Upton Snodsbury aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, within the said Open and Common Fields, and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the fame, as also the Waste Lands within the said Parish, were inclosed and divided, and separate Allotments made to the Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, it would tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Lands, and to the Benefit of all Persons concerned therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dowdejwelland Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray be added to the Gentle- Jones'* men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Name, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire, and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Purnell: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereto Crediton subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Inhabi- F*r«-tants of the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County (Land Tax.) of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the House, That, on Monday the First Day of May 1769, afudden and most terrible Fire happened in the West Town and Borough of Crediton, whereby the belt Part of the Town, together with the Market Houses, were consumed to Allies; which unhappy Accident hath occasioned a Deficiency of the Land Tax (from Lady Day 1769 to Lady Day 1772) of the Sum of 115/. 4.1. 7 d. being the Sum charged and afiefled on the said Houses, and Hill in Arrear, as will appear by the Account annexed to the Petition; and that, by Means of the Poverty of the Inhabitants, who were entirely unprovided with Materials for Building, and from the Scarcity and excessive Price of such Materials, none of the new Buildings were completed till Lady Day 1772, and many of the said Houses are at present in Ruins, and cannot be re-built, not only on Account of the

freat Poverty of the Owners, but that the Fee of the ands whereon the Houses flood is veiled in Minors, so that a Title cannot be made to the Persons who would have taken Building Leal’es thereon; and that the Petitioners intended to apply to the House on the id Day of February 1773, the last Day of receiving private Petitions, to pay an Abatement of the Land Tax on the Houses and Buildings so consumed, from Lady Day 1769 to Lady Day 1772; but were informed that they were too late in their Application, the Land Tax Act for the then next Year having passed before that Time: And therefore praying the House, That a Clause may be inserted in the Land Tax Act for the Year 1774, whereby the Sufferers may be eased from paying the Arrears and Deficiencies of the Land Tax on the said Houses so burnt down and consumed as aforesaid, from Lady Day 1769 to Lady Day 1772; and that all Proceedings may be Hayed in the Exchequer on Account of such Deficicencies; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four,

14 Geo. III. 4° Februant. 435

Ordered, That Sir Charles do tarry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Land Tax. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1772, out of the Supplies granted for the Year *774-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth- reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Ct. Vincent’s Copy of the last Returns of the Troops employed in Charibbs. the Expedition against the Charibbs of the island of Vincent: And also,

Ditto. An Account of the Number of Recruits whicK have been received by the Corps employed on the Expedition against the Charibbs of the island of Saint Vincent, since 1 ft March 1773.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

> The said Copy and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wetherby, Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, fcc- to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ap-Iioad* , pointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Grajfington, in the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To-prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. James Collins, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the same in Execution; and have borrowed considerable Sums on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been regularly applied in repairing and amending the said Road; that they have made a considerable Progress in the Repairs thereof, but that the same cannot be completed, nor the Money borrowed (the Whole of which, with a large Arrear of Interest, Rill remains due) be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged. And he added. That some fur-Vol. 34.

tlier Powers are necessary for effectually executing the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, p3tfed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Grajfington, in the County of Turk: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir George Sa do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Graves reported from the Committee, to whom Plymou-h the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are P*ing. &c* thereunto subscribed, who are Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the 10th and 12th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, and for other Purposes, were read. And.

Charles Fanjliaw, Esquire, being examined, said. That Doubts and Dil'putes have arisen with respect to the Extension of the Powers of the said Acts; that the major Part of the said Borough consists of uninhabited Tracts of Ground, and scattered Houses, which lie at a great Distance from the Town Part of the Borough; which Premises have been assessed to the Purposes of the said Acts, as not being expressly excluded, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof are still liable to the Repair of the Highways.

And the Witness further said. That such of the Owners and Occupiers, as from their Situation can receive no Benefit from the said Acts, are willing to take upon themselves the foie Repair of the Highways in the out-lying Parts of the Borough, provided they are exempted from Assessment under the said Acts; and such others as are subject to the Assessment, are willing that such Exemption should take Place, provided they are relieved from the Repair of the Highways in the out-lying Parts of the Borough.

That the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Devon, concerning Matters within the said Acts, greatly obstructs the Execution thereof, being attended with a great Expence, the Quarter Sessions being held between 40 and 50 Miles from the Borough; but if such Appeal was confined to the Quarter Sessions for the said Borough, the Acts would be executed with greater Facility. And he further said, That the said Acts are in other Respects defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain arid amend Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And that Mr.

Graves, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, and Mr. Parker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Clerkenwelt the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint (St<

James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, on Be- *uecl*» &c.

half of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. Sellon, Rector of the said Parish, being

5 T examined.

4b — 70 FebruariL 1774*

examined, said, That the Difbritft called Saint Johns is Part of the said Parish of James that the several Streets; -Lanes; and other Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish called James's are

very ill paved, cleansed; lighted, and watched, and much incommoded by Posts, Projections, and other Annoyances } that it would be a great Benefit to the said Parish, as well as to all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were paved, lighted, watched, and cleansed, in a

?roper Manner, and freed from Nuisances, and the lighways and Roads within the Whole of the said Parish kept in good Repair, and properly watched and lighted; but that the several Rates now allowed by Law to be laid for those Purposes, are insufficient for effectually doing the fame, and further Powers are wanting for those Purposes: That the Passage from Clerkemvetl Green to the Church is very narrow and inconvenient, and that it cannot be widened without purchasing and pulling down Part of a House, known by the Sign of the Three Queens: That the Poor of the said Parish being very numerous, the Assessments for their Relief have proved inadequate to the Expence, and the Work-house too small for their Reception; and that some Regulations and Powers are wanting for the better Management and Employment of Persons in the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish.

Mr. William Blcckborow, being examined^ confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called James's, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; for repairing, watching, and lighting, the Highways; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the said Parish: And that Mr. Gascoyne and Mr. Penton do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mutiny. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be received up'o Morning next.

Maiine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

force:, the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles " worth, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Turnpike A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Roads Traders, of the County of Middlesex, was presented to (Middle^*.) the House, and read; Complaining of the many Inconveniences the Petitioners alledge they labour under, in consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes: And therefore praying. That the House. will take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to the House shall leetr meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Old OM Artillery Artillery Ground, within the Liberty of His Majesty’s poor(rsp"etJf Tower of London, was presented to the House, and c. read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Old Artillery Ground are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great Expence; and that the giving proper Powers for building, or hiring, and furnishing a Workhouse, and for the better governing, regulating, employing, and maintaining; the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided for, and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Inhabitants; and that the Streets,

Lanes, Alleys; Courts, Yards, and Open Passages and Places,- within the said Old Artillery Ground, are not properly paved,- nor sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, and it would tend greatly to the Safety and Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and the Obstructions and Annoyances therein removed, and an able Watch kept therein in the Night Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee i And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackwdrth, Sir Charles Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Momday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Weans. House, to consider further of Wap and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

; Luna, 7* die FehruQ.rH;

Anno 14* Georgii III. H' Regis, 1774.

Praters.

f\B.ddred, That Mr. Cooper do carry to the Lords', the Malt, Sec.; , ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Lascelles, according to Order, reported from the Leeds and

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Selby Canal. Merchants, Traders, and other the principal Inhabitants, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 7 Table:

14 Geo. III. j° Februa 437

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Thomas Yeomans [An Engineer) being examined, informed your Committee, That he had surveyed the Line of the proposed Canal; a Plan of which he produced: and said, That it is practicable to make the said Canal through the several Lands therein laid down; that i;t is proposed to supply the same with the Water, from

several Brooks and Streams which may be brought into the Summit of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, which Streams now flow into the Kibble, and Western Ocean; the taking of which Waters will not diminith the Waters now flowing into, the Rivers and Colder.

And he produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of making the said Canal, amounting to ^f.65,35 i. ys. $d.y which, he said, would be sufficient, in his Opinion, for completing the fame; that the Canal, when finished, will be capable of navigating Vessels from 50 to 60 Tons Burthen, which may go from Leeds to Selby in Eleven or Twelve Hours.

Being desired to give an Account of the Particulars of the Observations and Calculations upon which he formed his Opinion, that the Canal might be made without taking any Water from the Rivers Air and Colder;

He said. That in the Month of March last he examined several Brooks and Streams that may be brought into the Summit of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal; which, according to his Estimate of them, after a Frost of Six or Seven Days in the Month of March, pro- -duced upwards of 30,000 Tons of Water a Day; One Half of which, he- imagined, will be used for the Liverpool Side of the Canal, and the other Half for the Leeds.

Being asked, If there had been any Quantity of Snow fell at that Time, or soon before it ?

He said. There had not.

And being asked, Whether he had ever seen any of those Brooks in the Month of ?

He said. He had not: But the Reason for his supposing the re would be a sufficient Quantity of Water in the Month of August was, he being the re in September, and that there was then more than double the Quantity of Water than in the Month oi March before; but as it is usual for great Rains to fall in September, it might have been occasioned by that: That he had made all the Enquiry he could, if the Brooks had been fully kept up with Water during the Summer; and was informed, that it had been the driest Seal'on for Six Weeks that had been for Thirty Years before.

Being asked. Whether, when he viewed those Spring after Seven or Eight Days Frost, they appeared to him to be continual Springs, or only Land Waters coming down; and if they would be hifficient to supply the proposed Canal with Water ?

He said, They appeared to him to be all Springs; that he measured them, and believes that in the . shorteft Water Time Half of that Water would be fuf-heient; that there are Four other Springs he did not measure, as not having Occasion for them, that run to the Western Ooean, called Marfden, Water Meetings, and Two Small Brooks, which may be brought into the Summit; that there is a Place-called White moor, where the Waters may be collected for more than a Mile Square, which now run to the Western Ocean whenever it rains, and will join the Pendle Water in its Course to the Summit, the Source of which Water arises from a small Spring upon the Moor; but the Water the Witness depends on from that Place, comes from the Heavens.

Being hiked. In what Quantities he supposed that would fumish the Canal ?

He said, That, supposing no more than Twenty Inches fall in a Year, that, upon a Mile Square, would produce a Sufficiency to supply the proposed Canal for Five Locks in a Day throughout the Year.

Being asked. If, by the Course of Trade, it should prove convenient that more Water should go down Westward, the.Engineers of the proposed Canal will be authorized to divide it, as the Witness has said, without interfering with the Rights of the Liverpool Canal ?

He said, He'apprehended that, under the present Act of Parliament for making the Liverpool Canal, they have a Right to take more Water on the Lancashire Side than on the other; but that will not be the Cafe, as the Trade upon the East End of that Canal is expected to be more than on the Lancashire Side; that if the Liverpool Canal should want a certain Share of their Water Westward, the proposed Canal will not have that Half of the Springs before mentioned, which the Witness thinks necessary for the Supply thereof, without the Permission of the Proprietors of the Liverpool Canal, which he has heard they are consenting to; and that, in his Opinion, those Proprietors will not want more Water than is allotted to them for the Purpose of that Navigation.

Mr. John Reed (a Merchant and Trader at Leeds') being examined, said. That he thinks the proposed Canal will be of great Advantage to the Trade of Leeds, and the West Riding of Yorkshire; as the raoft material Advantages to Trade in general arises from the cheap Mode of Conveyance, the Dispatch, and of Consequence the leis Risk there is of Loss and Embezzlements; all which Advantages in exporting and importing Goods, will of Consequence proceed from this- Canal.

Being asked. In what Proportion the Price of the Carriage of Goods will be reduced from Leeds to Hull, by Means of the proposed Canal ?

He said, he apprehended many Articles would be carried One Third, some One Half, and in various Proportions, cheaper than they are at present. And the Witness laid. That there is ,£.70,000 subscribed for carrying the proposed Undertaking into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Hol-beck, near Leeds, to the River Ou at or near Selby, in the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles and Mr.

Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Swinton Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Gounds, Inclosure. within the Manor and Township of Swinton, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Daniel Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing Navy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Estimate. prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1773.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

9

Vol. 34.

Navy

43

Februarii.

A. 1774;

Navy Office, 7An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men-fed February, 1 774. J tioned, as it stood on the 31st December, 1773.

Heads of the Naval Efti mates.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary; Extra Repairs, and Transports: Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores; Freight of Transports; fsV. supplied for the Service thereof - -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament ori Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders; and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1773; as also to several Bills of Exchange To His Majesty’s several Yards, and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -For Half pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Gouncil on that Behalf

Wages:

Due to pay the Men, tsV. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st 1773

To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries, and Free Gifts -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills registered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed^ for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December

*773 :.....k

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate re ceived from those Commissioners;

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to Two Million Two hundred and Forty-three thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence From whence deducting the Money

in the Treasurer’s Hands - las on the other And also the Money that remained to I Side.

come in of the Supplies - - J

The Debt will then be One Million Eight hundred and Eighty-six thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds . Three Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny N. R.. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between , . 1 ft January 1773 and 31st December following

And it appears by an Account received from the Commis-.; fiohers of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between ift January 1773 and 31st December fallowing, amounts to - -

For which Sum of ^.37,388 14 9J, no Provision has been made by Parliament; but, if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be One^Million Eight hundred and Forty-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Four pence Three

Farthings

Total.

£ s. 917,789 14 5 44,158 iz 6

59,629 14 XI

79*445 -

70,725 19 44-

139,407 19 ii ' 435,866 12 —

£. s. d-.

> Li7r>749 *

42,422 16 5

617,697 7

17*647 7 3

404,117 6 9

7,988 89^ 437,291 14 9

L799 i4 3

5,738 17 9

y

16,994 6 7

144,055 6 21

212,917 ~ 8i,

26,741 — t 10,647 H 7

2,243*732 10 2

356,972 6 1!^-

1,886,760 3 2{-

37,388 14 9f

849,37! 8 4

H. Palliser, J. Williams, Geo. Marsh, T. , W. Palmer, R. temple.

Memorandum

\ *-

4 . :. 5 .

Meikoi’ariduto .‘.There tya* Jgniaihing ill the Hands of thp lateahd preleni Tfeafattrj of the Navy, on the arft December 1^.73,sur Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards at* V - ir .: - f- :i, :, ftttisfylhg the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.: ' .

p_ . - ' 1'. -; - v7.’ ''.* H.o -- - *

K - >- v -: * r - *

» . _ , - , I t '

04

In

c

~ - ii r" y c: r sj > - *lv 'V . f — ~ ' "> -7; , fr V. -; r. V ,v In what Treasurer’s - Hands. ., . r* »r f 1 ' 1; r. r r* ^: f r; !; * " r — ’ *1 " ' J * t r ► —; 4 rs g-a* rr^ *rr;*r~r~ — ?-> 1- — -y.«». . ►J - *. */ Jo *-"* Z ~ - w ►''!? w li. * ~ ' :- !. '-' C: ' In H<wey.: - <-; '-.. w- z n u .4 ? *. r- _-’7 r '' ;5 - r . L c , — _ . - tT': 1 f{, '% - "i - " . > "); s - ' 7, ' - 7 ‘ . -. ' " ' On-the Heads of . ' .*: . Total,-

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. . Seamens Wages. Victuals, .

7 y": „ c rr: ? '* t >" ~ C^. Z> T~ *" . O - 1Gfttruf/U, ] G s- 3 1^’*^ m "Kr^ht Tdrd'VifT' y Ibraiti&cm 0 -c; u , 7 J ~r*c - c? r* :7 ' it pr^cr.5^;, f.x -: ? t'* i ’' — - - t Hight;Hon^ Sir Gi/^^W Elliot, Bari > ' - - >. 1 lr ^-^-4. , „.l , -; , -7 r - , r 1 , j ( . .; ' ' — , T . _* " . t ’ lh’ Moii^r " - .7 *; 77 jh Z: -.- - - . -; fj° towards:the Debt ffirlSick and Hurt Seatnen ' — hi k&et - r-° -: u " ‘ - - D* towacdsctlje Debt for:5i?k and Hurt Seamin' - - - Ipp Mcmteyn. - - - - r \ IV towafas-jtljip Deb^i for ^SSek'and^ Hurt Seam^r -7 . r;. .7 £7 K ft ‘1 - 1’ r ", "' ^Ih Money 0 *> ~ ±,~ - .' r: '. I'D* toWaed5;iltt *)ebt;for Side :and fHurt Seamen v . 7 0 K ' 7 " "* \J *r rz £ . - ‘ > 7 V»39* 16 7>J36 x3 6 16,040 .9 9ts 31,888 6 6| 1- s. d. I3>T39 3 4f , 203 6 6-i- 2,57 s f 6^ 35 10 ioj 16,484 3' 9^-214 .2, if V ' . " - . 36,281 3. 5i 2,711 17 — £ r. d. 2,379 x9 11 , - > . H *,64° 7 7-s-; 2^aiei -17 «gr> ‘ ^;' " T. . k ~ 3,026 . t icii- i i. d* 23»* *7 6 5i *1,390 17 6J , 35,639 *3 4 r 73i9°7 S l°f -

r -i: ' r . S -: ^W , ' .; . -7 ' v c ' ' > .; - .15 ' v - v> r > 7: - .: .* -: * £.6a,458 365’i J . " / . 71,649 12; ' "* 3 .4 9,947: f r: 144 P55 6 2r' s - - es 111 =ap - r

p

CO

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

I.

I.: OT»i-: !) £ »"4; - «-N

fj.Cc: _ -n

( r\ , 4 v- * w

P Thetis remained, on the gift Devimbtf 1773, to come in the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1773

r. -+ 4

I 's. d.

212,91781

vO-

mvrtm L . m'Q3f>W

440

Februhrii.

A."1774.

Duddington

inclosure,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, same were divided, and allotted to all Persons interested to be perused by the Members of the House* therein, the same would be greatly improved: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill A Bill for dividing and inclpfing the Open and Com* for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, monable Fields within the Parish of Dudding(on, in the in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as^she County of Northampton, was read a Second Time. House shall think proper.’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mf. George OrdeiedyT\\a.t Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- BridgesBrudeneliMr. TvuOftfkend, -&c.: And they are fuaiit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Edward Act ley, Mr. Charles i Mr. Bacon, and

Wcthertjr, See. Roads.

Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendi/hprefpited to the House, ac*

cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year 'of

Mt. ’Thomas De Grey, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Tooke, Esquire, a Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Tottington, in the County of

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening t^e high Norfolk, in Behalf of himself and several other Owners

Deeping

Fen*

Drainage.

and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish of Tottington, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application in the preceding Petition, and setting forth, that the Petitioner, and a great Part of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parjlh, have not consented to the above Application, and which.

removed

Mr. George Thompson, being examiner}, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Yeomans. rr

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in aP Bill for' amending, and rendering more effect ual, (everafcAfts of Parliament,: of the Sixteenth, and Seventeenth, and

AlPfctition of John Harrison, and San pfon Lords Batterton of tlje Manor of Butterton, in the Pari fl- of Mayfield, S» Inc, ofure-

Tottington

Inclosure.

Twenty-second Years of King Charles the: Second?, and /the Cqpnty of and of thefeveid other PerfoQS

of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for id raining whose Names are) thereunto subscribed, bi ring FreeholdeJS and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the /and Land Owners within the said Manor, was presented County of Lincoln: And that Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr.; to tfe jjoufe, ind read; Setting forth, That there $8, Cholmley, doprepare, and bring in, the feme* - witbio-the fitid Manoi, a large-Openr F ield, or Stintftf

r. Pasture^ called Butterton GJ.owes, containing, by Efts-

A Petition of Thomas De Grey, Esquire, Lord of thfc Imatlorij 230 Acres; and also a certain Common or Manor of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, and of -Parcel of Waft* Ground, called Butte ton Moor, con* several Owners and Proprietors of Lands withfo the Staining, by Eftiriiation, 560 Acres, whi :h, in their pr®-Parish of Tottington, was presented tQr, the House, '-sent State, are bf little Advantage to the Petitioned, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said j^nd incapable of Improvement; and th it it will be fO£ Parish, several Common Lands, confiding- of ton)mop "the Benefit ofa^l Persons interested therein, to have the Fields, Half Year Lands, Cointfioa Pafturib, Commop jfame inclosed ind divided: And therefore praying, Meadows, and Lammas Meadows, anef also (even0 J'hot Leave may) be given to bring in a Bill for dividing Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths? olg Waftfc TtridjnClbfing thi said Open Field or Stinted Pasture, Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, which,r^p|theij iComfnqn and Waste Grounds, in such Proportions, with

grefent State, are inconveniently situated, jmaiiB3pa- ^ch Powers, and under such Restrictions, as to the le of any considerable ImproWpaent; and that, n the House shall seem meet.

Tj i Ordered,

Ditto.

Road from Wethtrby to Grajfington, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands they have Reason to believe, is solely intended for the lying in Deeping Fens, and other Fens, in the County of great Gain and Emolument of Thbmas De Grey, Esquire, Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee-had exa- who hath already made many Encroachments upon the mined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed Commons of the said Parish, in violation of the lawful him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the'’ Rights and Estates of the Petitioner and other Owners House: and he read the Report in his Place, and after- of Lands, which Encroachments,* the Petitioner app're-wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the hends, will be urged as a Claim to a much larger Pro-fame was redd; and is as folloVtoeth; viz. ' ,’ portion, in the proposed'Allotments, than the said Thomas

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three De Grey would otherwise be entitled to; and that the Acts of Parliament, made in the Reigns of King Petitioner is informed, no previous public Notice has Charles the Second, and of his late Majesty, were read, -been given for a Meeting of the Proprietors and Owners And, of Lands within the said Parish, as is, usual on similar

Mr. Thomas Yeomans, being examined, said. That great Occasions: And therefore praying. That a sufficientahd

Sums of Money have been expended in draining the said convenient Time may be granted to the Petitioner? and Fens, yet the same have, for ldme Years past, been over- the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the flowed, and^are at present of very little Value. laid Parish of Tottington, to be prepared and ready to

That the said Fens are capable of being drained and make good their Objections to the said Petition of the improved, if further Powers were given to the Under- laid Thomas Dt Grey, and that the diluted Rights of takers, and'some Amendments made in the (aifi Acts-, . Corpmons, between the said Thomas andtht

That there are now (landing upon, or near to, the Petitioner and other Owners of Land within thefaU Banks of tfig River Welland, in the Parish of Spalding, Parish, may be; first duly settled and determined by~a certain Wharfs, Buildings, and Premisses, whiCh ob- ’ Jury, 'according to the Laws of the Land, before Leave draft the -Passage of the Water, and occasion the be given to brifig in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, adjoining founds to be overflowed; and it isibeceffaFy and.allotting, oif Lands, according to ;those respective that the said Wharfs, Buildings, and Pregiifes, or Rights; and alluring the House, that there shall be.no some Part thereof, should be taken down, iitofoer tcx , Delay, on the Pjirt of the Petitioner, in bringing the said widen the said River, for the better draming’Thc said Encroachments1 and Usurpations of the said Thomas Qe Fens.: T Grey, to a speedjy, final, legsfl, Issue.:

And that".the Witness believes all the Proppefors <^f 1 Ordtred, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the said Buildings, Wharfs, and PrenJifes, have beejf until a Bill be brought in pursuant to tpe Prayer of the applied to, and have consented that the fame:''shall tie Petition of Thothas De Grey", Esquire, Lord of the Manor of tottington, in the County or Norfolk, and of several

(Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the said Parish of Tottington.

Cropredy

loclosure.

Chelfton,

&c.

lodofare.

Fisherton

Anger

Debtors.

African

Trade.

African

'Company.

Ditto.

14 Geo. III. 70 Februarii. ' ' 441

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition-: And that Sir John Wrottesley and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Comihpnable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; and are, in their prefect Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the- said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Open Fields, Cominons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Chelfton cum in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and all others interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set. out and allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Frederick Montagu and Mr. , do prepare, aind

bring in, the fame, '

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol of Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the.House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. \

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to might

be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Barnes of all the Freemen of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, who have been admitted to their Freedom within the City of London, with their respective Additions and Places of Abode, and the Times of the Admission of such of them as have been admitted fincC the id of January 1760.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Jones do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his Vo l. 34.

late Majesty Kkrig George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.'*

Ordered, That Mf. Smith do attend the said: Committee, at the same Timer - Ordered, That Mr. Peter Bofiock &o attend the said Committee, at the same Time. :' -. Ordered, That Mr. Cherries Cklahd do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Complin do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sylva do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Aird do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Free Port*, Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- " tituled, " An Act to continue and amend an Act, made " in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain " Ports.in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and Exportation of certain " Goods: and Merchandizes; - for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, main- taining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Impor- tat ion of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into’

" this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon*

" Goods imported from the said Island into any other

British Colony; and for allowing Timber and Wood " to be exported, from the said Island of Dominica, into " any. other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Planta-‘f -tions, in America, for a limited Time," might be read. / :t.

And the fame-being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vcnmght, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act, as relatps to the Frte Ports estabWhed in the Ifhtnd of Jamaica.:

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are De&rd subscribed, Proprietors of several Commonable Lands, Inelofore. within the Chapelry of Deford, in the County of Wt>r-cefier, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Chapelry, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, and also a certain Common called Deford Common; and that the Property of the Petitioners and others, within the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, is intermixed and dispersed; and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and the Time and Manner of Hocking with Cattle, or depasturing, draining, and levelling, the said Common, were properly regulated and ascertained: And therefore praying, That,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands; and for regulating and ascertaining the Time and Manner of flocking with Cattle, or depasturing, draining, and levelling, the said Common, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Oxeoton thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed Inclosuiw Lands and Tithes, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open Fields,

Hills, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased

Land Tax,

Mutiny.

(Marine

Force*.

Gum

Senega.

Ways and Means.

Supply,

7* — 8° Febtuarii. ."'I ^*1774.

n Value, if the same were divided and ifrclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Comtndnable, Lands, under such^eghlatlonsas the House shall think proper. ,: . '

Ordered, That Leavp be given to bring in aBilL fStor-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mfy Dowdeswtlf and Sir William Cpdritgtm, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame. '

whole House, to cotifider further of tike Supply granted to His Majesty.

i '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-. t .; -./i

’ ‘ r T~*--.. IT T . T-v — . , M

... , - .' T

'Martisy 8" die Tehruarji \ .

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported' from the- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Taxy to be raised in Greett Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sbveaty-four, was* Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the -BHtj and which they hgd directed :him to report to the House.; and he read , the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered' the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read -throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Questiotl severally put thereupon; were agreedta by the House. '

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed. . - - *.* 1

:Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from, the Committee of the whole House, tt> whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the’ better Payment of the Army and their Quaaters, was' committed, the Amendments which the Committed' had made to the Bill.; and which they had directed' him toTeport to the House 1; sntd he Tead the Report in his Place; and i afterwards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where t the Amendments wete Once arepd;tfaronghoot; and thtSt a.'Second Tqne, One by- ICinfc ;:and, -Upon the Questron severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the-' House./ ' V) -.)! '

Ordered, That the ;.BiM, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens prtfented to the House, according to Ordejy a Bill for the llegulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houses to conlkler of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, Importers and Exporters-of Gum Senega, whose Names are thereujitp-subscribed, in Behalf of tfienkselves. and others, was referred, be now-read.;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved-itself into the said Committee. !

Mr.1 Speaker left, the Chair.

..Mr. Anthony Bason took the.Chair of the Committee. . )

1 Mr. Speaker refunded the Chait.

Mr. Anthotiy Bacon reported fr0PV the Committee, That they had come to several llefolntions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pfealb to receive the fame. - >

Ordered, That tire Report be received To-mofroV; Morning.

’. The ether Orders -of the Day being read;

'Resolved, That -{his House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of thd whole House, to coinfider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to His. Majesty.

-! Rejtdwd, That -this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning fljsfct, aetblve itself into a Committee of the

Anno 14* Georgia IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. Marsham, from the Select Committee, who* Worcester were appointed to try and determine the Merits’ Ele^*on' of the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes', Knight;' and also of the Petition of several Citizens and F reemen, Electors of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto^ subscribed, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined, ' - -: .

That Thotfias Bates Rous< Esquire, the fitting Member, js not duly efefted a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester t "

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That Sir Watkiu Zezeu^qKnight, is not duty elected ' *

a Citizen to serve in tins prefeqt Parliament for thh f,

City of Worcester: , [, . /{

And jalfo, that the said Committee hfive determined, *

That the last Election: of, a Cititqn . to serve in this present- Parliament foe the City pjf Worcester, ,'jvas a| void Lledion* ,d And the said Determinations werq onjered to bft qntered'in the Journals of this House. n

f \ -; ' < <‘; . - r.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifftie his Warrant to! Worcefcf the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ sets Writ, the electing of a Citizen to serve in this f present: Barn liament for the City of Worcester, in the-,room of Bates Rous,; Esquire, whose Election has beendeteyminotf to be void. i -f

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion^ Mutiny, and for the better Payment -of the Army- and thai^ Quarters, was read the Third Time. , j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quax-j

ters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence. . 1

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Land Tax. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Sevqn hundred and Seventy-four, was read the Third Timo‘.;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by n Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.-'

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wliitworth do carry the Bijff to the Lords, and desire-their Concurrence.

The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee,-, to Brnyv!.* whom the Petition of the Trustees -of Act of Parl&t ' 3 ment, passed in the Twenty-eighth Yeas of the lleigq oa *' of his late Majesty King George the Second, -intieuled, u An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place " in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through War*

" boys, Old. Hurfi, Saint Ives, HiltoEltiflcy, Warefieyi " Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House called The Spread " Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of - ‘ C M Huntingdon, Cambridge I and Bed," was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said PetUfon', and Had directed him to report the fame,1 -S 'as

14 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

443

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and'afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Johnson, Clerk to the Trustees, produced to your Committee, an Extract from the Books of the said Trull; whereby it appeared that the Sum of £. 4,800. has been borrowed, and is now owing.

And the Witness said. That the said Sum, together with the Tolls, has been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress has been made therein j but the same cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term ®f an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in " Bury, in- the County of , through " OldHurjf, Sairtt Ives, Hilton, Eltijley,

" lingay, and Pctton, to a House called The Spread " Eagle, in Stratton, within the Counties of Huntingdon, " Cambridge, and Bedfordand that the Lord Ludlow, and the Lord Hinchingbrook, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gray’s Inn Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the and Petition of Gryffydd Price, Samuel Pec hell,

Lincoln’s Inn £)anby Pickering, John Fenton Clarke, and Andrew Hud-Soaeties. dlcfton, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Benchers and other Members of the Society of Gray's Inn, in the county of ; and also, the

Petition of George Lewis Newnham, Levett

John Coxe, Walter Long, John Parry, and John Ma-docks, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Benchers of the Society of Lincoln's , in the County of Middlesex; Were severally referred That the Committed had examined the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petitions, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in ,his:^Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fadl, contained in the First-mentioned Petition, is as follows:

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Thomas Adams, that Gray's Inn is one of the Four Inns of Court, and is a Society intrulled with the Education of young Gentlemen lludying the Law; that the Benchers of the said Society have a Power of calling Gentlemen to the Bar; and that the Society is regulated and governed by the Benchers:

That several Persons reside within Gray's Im, who are not.Members of the Society, and rent fepacate Houses to themselves:

That Chambers in Gray's Iun are granted to Students and Members of the Inn for Twenty-one Years absolute, by an Order of Pension, subject to future Orders of the House; but that Chambers are granted to no Persons, except Students and Members; and the Society have given Orders to Persons to quit their Chambers, as not being Members.:

Being asked, Why so many reside there who are not Members ? he said. Sometimes an Executor of a Member lets Chambers contrary to the Orders of the House. And being asked, In what Manner the Society have removed Persons not being Members ? he said. By fending Orders to the Owners of the Chambers to remove them; and apprehends the Society have a Power to remove Persons in case of Refofal:

That the Witness has read, in the Books of the Society, of Officers having been ordered to remove Per-. fons out of Chambers; that lie has been Steward to the Society Twenty-two Years, and was under the former Steward Fourteen or Fifteen Years, but never recollected . Vol. 34.

an Instance, in his Time, of forcing Persons out of Chambers:

That Terms in Chambers belonging to Members are renewed (if let to Persons who are not Members) on paying an extraordinary Fine, but Chambers devolving upon Executors are not renewed; that Executors have had Notice to remove Strangers out of Chambers, and to let them to Members of the Inn; and the Witness himself has given Executors Notice, that if the Chambers were not parted with to Members, their Terms would not be renewed; that there are no Parts of Gray's Inn, except what he has mentioned, but what are in the Hands of Members or Executors; and believes the Society have it in their Power to put an End to Terms before the Expiration, upon Breach of Orders of the House, but never knew an Instance of it.

That Two of the Houses in Warwick Court, belonging to the Society, are let on repairing Leases for Thirty-. nine or Forty Years, and the other Four are let by the House at Rack Rents; but that the Chambers of the Society are not let in that Manner:

That Gray's Inn is in the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and the Witness has been present at a Perambulation of the said Parish; that they go into the Cha* pel and Hall belonging to the Society, and the Society entertain them; but he never knew the Reader resign over the Delk to the Parochial Clergyman; and that they go the Perambulation once in Three Years, which he looks upon to be the customary Mode of perambulating:

That the Lands and Tenements belonging to the Society of Gray's Inn are vested in the Benchers, who are Trustees for the rest of the Society:

That the Society have a Scavenger of their own, who cleanses the Courts and Places within the Limits of the Inn, and carries the Dirt to a Place appointed for its Reception; and Once a Week, or Fortnight, a Parish Scavenger, after the Society’s Scavenger has put the Dirt in the Place appointed for its Reception, takes it away; for which, and for the cleansing that Part of the Lane which has been paved by the Society, they pay the Parish; that he knows of no other Parochial Rate which the Society pay, and that they never paid any Poor’s Rate, nor derived to themselves any Parochial Benefits, except that of the Scavengers:

That there is no Register kept of Births or Burials, arid he never knew, of a Child being baptized by the Reader or Lecturer; that Children dropped in the Inn have been font to Saint Andrew’s Parish, but not by any Order of the Society:

That Marriages have been performed in the Chapel before the late Act of Parliament for preventing Clandestine Marriages, but never since:

That he knows of no Overseer of the Poor belonging to the Society, nor any public Officer to whom the Poor can be lent for Relief; and that the Society have no Fund for Relief of the Poor:

That there are no Constables or other Parochial Officers within the Society, neither is there any Officer to whom a Justice might direct his Warrant:

That he knows of no Servants or other Persons (haring derived Settlements from their Service to the Gentlemen of the Society) being relieved at the Expence of the Parish. of Saint Andrew's, Holborn:

That the Servants of the Society have been relieved by the Society; and he never knew an Instance of a poor Person of Gray’s Inn, upon Application, being refilled Relief; and that the Society have always relieved the Poor belonging to the Inn, but thinks they have it in their Power to refuse Relief; and that the Poor are relieved out of the General Stock of the Society:

That he never knew the Servants of any Gentleman or Tradesman, refilling within Gray's Inn, claim Relief from the Society or Parish; but that he is not in a Situation of knowing what Efertwnds are made upon the Pari fti:

5 X Thar

l v

8" Februa

44+

That the Society have a Preacher, Lecturef, and Reader, who are elected by the Benchers, and paid by the Society; and that they perform Divine Service in the Chapel according to the Rights and Ceremonies of the Church of England, but never christen, or perform Burial Service in the Chapel:

That the Society pave, light, watch, and cleanse, the Inn at their own Expence, and contribute to the Paving Rate made by the Pari Hi of Saint,

Ho/born j but the said Parish does not pay any thing for paving done within the Limits of the Society.

Then an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Ring George the Second, for granting certain Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and also, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; were read; whereby it appeared, that the said Society have been considered by the Legislature as a separate Body, and are taxed accordingly.

Mr. Adams also informed your Committee, That a Claim has been lately made by that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, and the Parish of Saint George the , in the County of Middlesex, upon the said Society, to make them contributory to the Poor’s Rates of the said Parishes; that the Society refused Payment, and a Distress was made j the Consequence of which was, that an Action of Replevin was brought against the said Parishes by the Benchers of the Inn; that the Records of the Proceedings were withdrawn, but the Witness knows not at whose Request.

A State of the Matter of Fast, contained in the Second-mentioned Petition, is as follows: r

Mr. Thomas Grint informed your Committee, That Lincoln's Inn is a Society entrusted with the Education of young Gentlemen studying the Law, and is regulated and governed by the Benchers thereof.

That every Member of the Society inhabiting Chambers in Serle’s Court, is admitted during Lite, paying a certain Fine and Fees to the Society, which are called Freeholds, subject to the Orders and Regulations of the Bench; and that they all belong to Members of the Society who never paid any Parochial Rate.

That the Witness has known a Perambulation of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and the Perambulators have come into the District of Lincolns Inn, claimed by the Society; that the last Time the Parish went this Perambulation was in the Year 1771, and the Witness believes they went in the customary Mode of perambulating Parishes.

That the Society have no particular Fund for the Support of the Poor, except the General Fund of the House; that no Poor’s Rates are collected,. and that there are no Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or Constables, nor any Officer to whom a Justice of the Peace might direct his Warrant:

That there is a Chapel belonging to the Society, but the Witness never knew any Children christened there; that Marriages have been performed in the Chapel before the late Act of Parliament for preventing Clandestine Marriages, but none since; that there is a Burial Place for those who die within the Limits of the Society, but no Burial Fees are paid to the Parish, and he never beard that the Minister of the Parish claimed any Fees.

Being asked. How many Inns are claimed by the Society of Lincoln's Inn ? he said, Only one now, Thaive's Inn being fold, which is become separate Property from the Society; and he apprehends they have the same Power of alienating Furnivaf s Inn, and the District of Lincoln's Inn.

That the Witness knows of no- Children being born in Lincoln's Inn, no Families living the re, and never knew of any Children being dropped there.

That the Preacher and Reader belonging to the Society, are paid by the Benchers, and the Sacrament is administered every Month; that there is a Register of

A. 1774.

Burials kept there , and the Witness never heard that any Pew or Gallery in the Churches of Saint Clement Dams, or Saint Andrew's, Holborn, was appropriated for the Use of the Society of Lincolns Inn.

That the Limits and Bounds of the Inn are lighted, watched, and clean fed, by the Direction, and at the Expence, of the Benchers.

That Persons belonging to the Society have many Times been relieved by the Benchers out of the General Fund of the Society j and that one Isaac a lu-

peranuated Porter, at this Time receives Two Shillings ‘ a Week, but he is the only Person at present who receives a Weekly Allowance, and that it was a voluntary Act of the Benchers; that other Persons have sometimes received Five or Ten Guineas at a Time; and the Witness never knew any of the Officers or Servants of the Inn applying for Relief, and being refused.

That no Perfop has ever been returned upon the Society from any Parish as a Pauper having gained a Settlement, and the Witness knows no Instance of any Person gaining Relief from a Settlement there.

That no Persons are permitted to reside within the District of Lincoln's Inn, but what are of the Society; that the Stamp Office is within the District, but the Servants employed there do not live in the Inn, except the Housekeeper, who is not a Member.

That the Commissioners of the Stamp Office pay Dues to the Society for the House, and many of the Chambers are purchased by the Crown, for the Use of the Stamp Office, in the Names of some of the Members of the Inn, and whenever they drop, they apply for a fresh Nominee, that being the Terms they are held upon j that they are obliged to bold them in the Name of a Member of Lincoln's Inn, and the Commissioners have been charged with Part of the Fund'. And being asked, Whether there is any legal Process of enforcing Payment of their Share towards this Fund ? he fai<L All Persons who are admitted, give. Bond for securing the Payment of it; and that no Rate is paid by them to the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holborn', that this. Fund is afieffed upon the Members who are admitted to the Chambers, and made out in their Names, and paid Aanually by the Commissioners, in the.Names of those Gentlemen who are admitted to the Chambers,

Being asked, Whether he ever knew of any Charge or Demand being made, by the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, or Saint Andrew's, Holborn, relative to the Paving Rate ? he laid. There was, in the Year 1771 or 1772 j :that he could not recollect the Sum exactly, but believed it was about £. 25. is. 6 and apprehended it was laid for Serle Street and Carey Street; that the Answer of the Benchers to this Demand was, That it should be collected and paid by the Occupiers of those -Chambers on the West and South Sides of Serle’s Court, exclusive of the annual Dues paid to the House.

That the Gates of the Inn are shut at Eleven o’Clock every Night, and he never knew the Constable of the Night, or Watchman, demand an Entrance for Search of Vagrants, or exercise any J urtfdiction in the Inn after the Gates were once shut; neither did he eVer know the Parochial Beadles come into the Inn in the Day Time to take up Vagrants or Beggars, to remove them into other Parts of the Parish.

That he was appointed one of the Assessors of the Land and Window Tax by the Benchers, and collects the same in Serle's Court, as Part of the Inn; and he produced, to your Committee the Books of Assessment on Lincoln's Inn, in the Years 1740 and 1748, for the - Land and Window Taxes. Then,

An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His. Majesty by a Land Tax, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Society have been considered by the Legislature as a separate Body, and are taxed accordingly.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That

the

14 Geo. III. 8 ° Februarii.445

the Society of Lincoln's Inn collected the Land Tax for in the last Session of Parliament, " That whenever any Thaive's Inn, under the Act of Parliament; but that " Petition presented to this House shall have been re-none is collected by them for that Place now; and that " ferred to a Committee, to examine the Matter there-hitherto the Sum collected upon Thaive's Inn has been " of, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, paid out of the Fund of Lincoln's Inn, according to the " to the House, this House will not admit any Pe-Act of Parliament; and that that Sum must be paid " titioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, by the said Society. " against such Petition, until the Matter thereof shall

That he has heard of a Claim being made within " have been first reported to the House," might be thel'e Six Months, by the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, read, upon the Society of Lincoln's Inn; but never heard, till And the same being read accordingly; very lately, of any of those Chambers being taxed to the A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Poor’s Rates. That the said Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by

Mr. Robert Pardoe informed your Committee, That themselves or Counsel, in Support of the said Petitions, there was a Claim lately made on the Society of Lin- against the Matter contained in the said Report. coin's Inn, by the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and It passed in the Negative.

Four Gentlemen of the Inn were summoned before the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Gray’s . Justices, to shew Caule why the Poor’s Rate should not for declaring the Society of Gray's Inn, and their Lands xtr* *^oc u‘ be paid That he attended with those Gentlemen and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, upon the Justices; and, by Order of the Benchers, told in the County of not to be liable to Parochial

them, that the Gentlemen of the Inn did mean to dif- Duties or Burthens: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Compute their Right of taxing them, and therefore they wall, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring might come and distrain upon One or 'J’wo Gentlemen, in, the fame.

and the Society would try their Right} accordingly Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot Lincoln’slnn Distress was made; upon which. Notice was given ©if declaring the Society of Lincoln's Inn, and their Lands Dum-

bringing an Action to try this Right, but no Adtioa and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof,

has been brought. in the County of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial

Mr. Grini, being further examined, said. He could Duties or Burthens: And that Mr. Gray, Mr.

not tell what Burthen it would be to the Gentlemen of M r. PMr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Skykner, Lincoln's Inn, to bear Parochial Offices; but has heard, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, that Students at Law, practising, are exempt from Parochial Offices; and that there are Members of the So- . A Petition of Robert Grinflon, Esquire, Lord of the Bainton

ciety, who live out of the Inn, and rent Houses, and several Manors within the Parish of Bainton, in the East *ncl°fure-

pay Parochial Duties. Riding of the County of York, and also Owner of the

That he looks upon this Tax to be a new one, and greater Part of all the MaHuages, Cottages, Lands, if it is laid will be a great Hardship; and should any Grounds, and Hereditaments, within the said Manors of the Gentlemen in Lincoln's Inn be appointed Parish and Parish, and others, whose Names are thereunto subsc Officers, it will be an exceeding great Hardship upon feribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers

them. ___other Messuages,\ Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and

l’he House was moved, that the Petition of Thomas Hereditaments, within the Parish of Bairiton aforesaid.

Eld, Stephen Hervey, Edward Hunt, John Hayne, George was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Merttins, and George Meackham, Esquires, Governors That there are, within the said Parish} several Open and Directors of the Poor of the united Parishes of Fields, Lands, and Grounds, reputed to contain in the Saint Andrcxv, Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George Whole 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts, which have been the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of held by the Owners thereof according to the Number of themselves and the rest of the Governors and Directors Oxgangs of Lands, and Common Rights, in respect of of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants, of the said Messuages, and Cottages, and other Rights which they united Parishes, which was presented to the House upon respectively have therein-} and that, if the said Open the 24th Day of January last; and also, the Petition of Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided, inclosed, or the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the allotted, to the respective Owners thereof, in propor-Parish of Saint Clements Danes, in the County of Middle- tion to their present Right and Interest therein, to be [ex, in Behalf of themselves and all other the inhabi- held in Severalty, free from all Common Right, and if tants of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of a Compensation was made to the Rector of the said Thomas Eld, Stephen Hervey, Edward Hunt, John Hayne, Parish, and his Successors, in lieu of the Tithes, and.

George Merttins, and George Meackham, Esquires, Go- other Ecclesiastical Dues, as well of the said Open vernors and Directors of the Poor of the united Pa- Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as of all the Inclosed rishes of Saint Andrew, Ho/born, above the Bars, and Lands , and Grounds within the said Parish, the Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in mutual Benefit of all the Proprietors and Persons in-Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors and terested, and also the Public Utility, would be pro*.

Directors of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants of moted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be the said united Parishes; and also, the Petit ion of Benjamin given to bring, in a. Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, un-Kennett, Benjamin Ireland, William Seager, Richard Jones, der such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House Thomas Figg, Sampson Rainfortk, and Samuel Roberts, on shall seem meet.

Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Committee for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of puffuant to the Prayer: of the said Petition: And that Saint Clement Danes, in the Cit y and Liberty of Westminster, Sir George Savile and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and and County of Middlesex; which were presented to the bring in, the fame.

House upon the First Day of this Instant February}. and

also, the Petition of the Commissioners for carrying A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Owmby into Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Inclosure. paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Owmby, in the County of was read a Second

I.anes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Time.

Westminster, and Parts adjacent; which was presented to Resolved, That the . Bill be committed to Lord the House upon Wednesday last, might be again read. Broztmlow Bertie, Sir Henry Hoghton, See.: And they

And the same were read accordingly. art to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

The House was also moved, that the Standing Speaker’s Chamber.

Order of the House, made upon the Fifth Day of May

Vojl- 34. Sir

446 8° — 9 ° FebrA. 1774.

Ibstock Sir jM# Palme? presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields* Wastes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Ibjlock, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Staunton Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Lnclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and -Common Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Pari fit of Stauntonin the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gum Mr. Anthony Bacon, according to Order, reported Senega. ,froni the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, Importers and Exporters of Gum . Senega, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Be-- half of themselves and others, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followe'th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, now payable upon every Hundred Weight of Gum Senega exported out of this Kingdom,- do cease, determine,

‘ and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu and instead of the said Duty, a Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Gum Senega, which shall be exported from Great Britain, over and above all other Duties now payable thereupon.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Resolutions: And that Mr, Anthony Bacon, Mr. and Sir Charles Whitworthdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Free Ports Ordered, That Mr. Jacob Nelson do, upon Monday in Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole jimaies, p|oufe> to w]10m it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Yiear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue " and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " opening and establishing certain Ports in the islands " of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Important tioft and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchan-M ;dizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and im* " prov ing, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be " paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said " 111 and of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the " said llland into any other Colony; and for

" allowing Timber and Wood to be exported, from " the said llland of Dominica, into any other of the " British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America,

for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the llland of Jamaica.

Ordered, That Mr. Moses do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Rorron do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to

prevent Inconveniences that may arise, in Cities and Cities

Towns Corporate, from the Absence of the Mayor of corporation*.

such City or Town Corporate, by reason of Sickness or

other unavoidable Accidents, also in Boroughs where

only One Justice of the Peace is of the Quorum: And

that Mr. Ridley, Sir Harbord HSir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Bacon, and Sir Matthew White Ridley, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Poor: Reading of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Vexatious Removals of the Poor, be now read. em<"

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant February, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Turnpike to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed, is referred, That they do consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England;

" and for other Purposes ;" and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex, which was presented to the House upon Friday last,

(and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die. Februarii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

XjL Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malt, for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to Tax* be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Claphaa whom the Bill for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground, new within and Parcel of the Manor or Clapham, in the L urc County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments

i4 Geo. III.

9’ — 10° Februarii.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Gum Mr. Anthony Bacon presented to the House, according Senega. Order, a Bill for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum " Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported " from. Great Britain; and for confining the Exportat ion of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain " onlyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

RefoJved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Gleichman’j

Nat.

JJegen’*

Nau

Heapham

Inclosure.

Corn*

Ac.

Exportation.

A Petition of Theodore George Gleichman, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Ridl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Christopher Degen, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitvtorth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Patron of the Rectory, Rector, and several other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, and Free Common, within the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Property of the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be beneficial to all Parties interested, if Powers were given to allot, divide, and indole, the fame, and also all other Conj-mon or Waste Lands in the said Parish, and to make a Satisfaction for the Tithes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amcotts, Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to atlow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,’* allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the lllands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

VOL.34.

447

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Order; made upon African Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Company, mittee of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving " the Trade to Africa" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant February, re- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Election of Committee-men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee*

That they do, in the first place, take into Consideration the State and Condition of thfeTrade to Africa, and the Management thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " in the first " Place."

And the Question being put,.That those Words stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea Fox

I 9.

Mr. William Burke:

Tellers for the Noes ^xx WUtiZlMeredit] l6’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put; .

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the first place, take into Consideration the State and Condition of the Trade to Africa, and the Management thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole »"dMean». House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 o* die Februarii}

Anno 14* Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

Praters.

AB1L L for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Se- Force*, cond Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

5 Y ing,

Peterborough

Writ.

Abbotts

Ann

Inclosure.

Erifwell

Inclosure.

Gray’s Inn extra parochial

Royal

Afient

to

BUls.

448 10° Februariu A. 1774.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Belafyfe, commonly called Lord Viscount Bela-fyfe, now Earl Fauconberg, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and . Common Fields and Downs, within the Patish of Abbotts Ann, in the County of Southampton: And the fariie was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company for Propagation of the Gospel in New England, and Parts adjacent, in America,

Lords of the Manor of Erifwell with Chamberlains, in the Parish of Erifwell, in the County of Suffolk, and of several other Persons' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements, and entitled to certain Rights of Com-jnon, within the said Parish of Erifwell, was presented ;to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish, certain Whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, Warrens, Open and Common Fields, and Heath Grounds, containing, by Estimation, Six thousand Three hundred and Fifty Acres, or ^thereabouts; and also Two Pieces of Common or Waste Lands, called Common Candle, containing, by Estimation, Twenty-two Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are certain Rights of Common Sheep-walk and Shackage, and other Rights and interests, in and over the said Warrens, Open and Common Fields, and Heath Grounds, and in and over the said Commons arid Waste Lands; and that the said Whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds-and Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are inconveniently situated; and that the Owners and Proprietors are desirous that the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, and all other Commonable Rights, may be extinguished; and that the said Whole Year Lands; and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, Warrens, Open and Common Fields, and Heath Grounds, and also the said Commons and Waste Lands, may be divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Pe»fons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes atore-laid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Holt and Mr. Hanmer do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for declaring the Society of Gray's Inn, and their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds, thereof, in the County Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Menage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neux.Gentleman Ulhcr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Sir Fdward AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame

was received:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The House was moved. That the Petition of William Tooke, Esquire, a Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, in Behalf of himself and several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish of Tottington, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; ruiz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add " upon this Day Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved' in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the First Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, 'f’hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of Peter Van Yzendoorn, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fof his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gemge Christopher Degen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Theodore George man: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees of the be-

ing offered to be presented to the House;'

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ' acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, T.vat, in the Second Year of the Reign

of

Tottington

Inclosure.

Y zendoorn’s Nat.

Degen’s

Nat.

Gleichman's

Nit.

British

Museum,

ia Geo. III. 10 ° Februa449

of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to their forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which kepresentation, they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of .2,000; and, upon , like Applications to Parliament, in the 4th, 6th, 8th, loth, and 12th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, the said Trustees obtained Grants of the further Sum of £. 2,000,each of the said Years, for the same Purpose; which Sums, together with the Produce of the said £. 30,000, are so far spent, that what remains is not sufficient to defray the Expences of the last Year; And therefore praying the House to grant them such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

OrdereJi That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Trustees of the British Museum do

lay before this House an Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Ditto; Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider

of a more convenient Method of admitting Persons to the Sight of the British Museum; and that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon,-to the House: And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Jenyns, General Conway, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber } and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tottington A Petition of William Tooke, Esquire, was presented

Inclosure. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having been informed that Application was intended to be made to inclose. Lands in the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, and apprehending that such Inclosure would be prejudicial to him, he has already petitioned the House relative thereto; and that the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill for such Inclosure has been presented.: And therefore praying, That he . may be heard, by his Counsel, upon his laid former Petition, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be adqiitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

C*rn» Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported.

Exportation. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Blands of Jersey, and

Alderney, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the island of Alderney, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill 3 and, which they had Vol. 34.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments^ in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Sir Cecil presented to the House, according to Deeping Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, nF?ns several Acts of Parliament of the 16th and 17th, and ralna£e* 2 2d Years of King Charles the Second, and of the 1 ith Year of -his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln: And' the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to Old whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Artillery Old Artillery Grown/, withimthe Liberty of His Majesty’s pjoo'and Tower of London, was referred; That the Committee Street*, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Abraham Benny, being examined, said, That the Poor of the Old Artillery Ground are very numerous, and maintained at a very great Expence; and that if the Inhabitants were empowered to hire or build a Work* house, and furnish the fame, and were inyefted with proper Powers for governing, regulating, employing, and maintaining the Po»r therein, they would, be more effectually relieved and provided for, and the other Inhabitants grealy relieved, in point of Expence.

That the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Pairages and Places, within the said Old Artillery Ground, are not properly paved, nor sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched; and it woqld tend greatly to the Safety and Benefit of the Inhabitants t hereof, and other Persons resorting thereto, if the fame, were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and the Obstructions and Annoyances therein removed, and an able Watch kept therein in the Night-time.

Mr. James Legrew, and Mr. Thomas Whet ton, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of London-, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Mackworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Cardiff Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting. Street*, fcc. the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Free Ports His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to ,n give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Jam‘aca Copies of such Letters and Papers as have been received by either of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, relating to the Free Ports established in the Bland of Jamaica,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty

free Ports in

Jamaica.

Bristol

Roads,

450 i o° — 110 Febru A. 1774.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Down, commencing at a House in the Possession of

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. John Freeman, Junior, Esquire, near the Church at

Clifton, and through a Lane, called Gallows Acre And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow to a Stop Gate near Durdham Down, and the Road

Morning, Ten of the Clock. leading from the Top of a Street called Park Street, to

° a House known by the Sign of The Tuns, at the Foot

of Clifton Hill, in the Parish of Clifton, are in a ruinous Condition, too narrow in some Places, and cannot be widened and amended by the Laws in being; ancT tha it would be very advantageous if the Roads were laid, open, as near as conveniently may be, from the Turnpike Gate near Stokes Croft, on the Road leading from the City of called The Horfield Road, to the

Turnpike Gate near on the Stapleton And

Mangot Common Road, and from thence into the cr*HE ODORE George Gleichman took the Oaths ap- Road leading from the City of Bristol, called the Bitton

pointed, in order to his Naturalization. and Toghill Common Road, and from the said Lane,

called Gallows Acre Lane, into that Part of the Aujl The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, that Road which is called The White Ladies Road; and also, their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be if the Course of the Road leading from the City of graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid Bristol, called Road, was altered, by leaving

before this House, Copies' of such Letters and Papers the said present Road at some Place near, the Eighth as have been received by either of His Majesty’s Princi- Mile Stone thereon, going through some Inclosures in pal Secretaries of State, relating to the Free Ports the several Parishes of Wick and Abfon, and.

established in the Island of Jamaica) had been presented Cold Ashton, all in the County of Gloucester, and coming to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded into a certain Turnpike Road, called the Marshfield him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direc- Road, near the Ninth Mile Stone: And therefore tions accordingly. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

to enlarge the Term of the said Act of the 31st Year A Petition of the Trustees for the several Roads lead- of King George the Second; to reduce all the Acts for ing from the City of Bristol, under and by virtue of an amending the Roads under the Petitioners Care into Act, passed in the 31st Year of King George the Second, One Act; to give such further and other Powers as may intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers be necessary for completing the Repair of the said

" of Two Acts of Parliament, one paired in the 19th Roads} and for making and amending the new and

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, additional Roads above-mentioned.

‘f An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the *' by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of Consideration of a Committtee: And that they do exa- his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall " the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and appear to them, to the House:

" other Roads therein mentioned } and for making the And it is referred to Lord Clare, Mr. Southwell,

" said Act more effectual} and the other passed in the &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning

" 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

" tituled, An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parlia- ber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.

" ment, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign Records.

" of his late Majesty King George the First, for amend-

" ing the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Merioneth " and the other passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ.

" His present Majesty, to explain and amend the same the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this " Act } and for making the said Acts more effectual} present Parliament for the County of Merioneth, in.

" and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; the Room of John Pugh Pryce, Esquire, deceased.

" and for making all the said Acts more effectual} and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Wetherby, " other Roads," was presented to the House, and read} passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty,

Setting forth, That several Sums of Money have been for repairing and widening the high Road from Wet her by borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which still re- to Grajfington, in the County of York, was read a Second main due } and that a considerable Progress has been Time.

made in amending the several Roads under the Petition- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George ers Care, yet the same cannot be completed, and kept Cavendish, Lord And they are to

in Repair, nor the Money due be repaid, unless the meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Term of the said Act of the 31st Year of his said late Speaker’s Chamber.

Majesty be further continued, and some further and

other Powers granted; and that it would be very con- The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according B'lry, venient to have all the said Acts, and also certain Clauses to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, in an Act, passed in the 32d Year of his said late Ma- made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Roa<,> jesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, so far as the " from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of same relate to the Roads leading from the City of Bristol, " tingdon, through Warboys, Old Saint Ives, Hil-

reduced into one} and that the Road from the Two " ton, , and Potion, to a

Mile Stone, on the Road leading from the City of Bristol, " House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within called The Afliton Road, by Rownham PaJJ'age, over Leigh " the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Down, to 'Pill, and from thence, through the Villages " BAnd the same was received } and read the of Saint George and Portbury, to the Sign of The Blue First Time.

Anchor at Portish'ead, and from Brockham’s Hill, on the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Road leading from the City of Bristol, called The Bitton

Road, to Keynsham Bridge, in the Parish of Keynsham-, Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Tonbridge and also the Road from the Parish of Clifton to Durdham the Bill to continue, amend, and render more effectual, Wells

Veneris^ 11° die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1774.

0

14 Geo. III. 11° Februariu 45 *

an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringlet Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,'with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Beetley, Sir Edward Ajlley presented to the House, according

_ *c* to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ncoure. Qpen and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and , other Half Year Cloies, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Bittering, and Grejfenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk called Beetley Sheep-walk; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' ReJ'oJved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Calder Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom

Canal — the Bill for enabling Sir John , Baronet, to

Ramsden’sN ma*ce an^ maintain a Navigable Canal, from the River ’ Calder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the

Mouth of the River Colne, to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

Plymouth Mr. Graves presented to the House, according to Paving, Order, a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made &c> in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gray’s A Petition of Thomas Eld, Edward Hunt, John Hayne, Inn George Meackham, William Harrison, and George Merttins,

extraparochial. £{qUjreSj Governors and Directors of the Poor of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants of the said United Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for declaring the Society of Inn, and their Lands and

Tenements within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens; and Setting, forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such a Bill will be extremely injurious to the Rights of the said Parishes, wherein the said Society is situate, as it will tend to exempt a Part of the

Yol. 34.

Parishioners from the just and reasonablfe Contributions to which all are liable for the necessary Support and Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their „ Counsel, before the House, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant February.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Petition of the Clothiers and Makers of Manufacture.’ Woollen Broad Cloth, in the several Counties of -cefier, Wilts, and Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and ail others concerned in the said Trade, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows:

Thomas Pettat, Esquire, a Clothier in Gloucestershire, informed your Committee, That many Frauds and Embezzlements are practised by Persons employed in the Clothing Trade, of which he gave the following Instances: That when the Wool is delivered to the Pickers, they can embezzle One Pound or more in Twenty, without any Possibility of being detested; their Method being of throwing the Wool upon wet Stones, whereby it impregnates the Water, and they bring it home full Weight:

That with respect to the Scribblers, they can, by adding 1 lb. £ of Oil, keep out the same Quantity of Wdol, whereby they will get 35. $d. and the Clothier loses 45. being the Worth of a Pound of Spanifo Wool in the Picking State:

That with respect to the Spinners, their Method of Fraud is by holding the Yarn over a boiling Pot, whereby the Steam impregnates with the Yarn, and the Clothier loses Haifa Pound in Six Pounds; which Fraud cannot be discovered:

That with respect to the Weavers they can keep

back 5 or 6 Pound of Yarn; which, if Spanish, is worth 4-r. 6d.or 5 s. a Pound, out of every Piece of Cloth containing 30 Ells, and weighing 6olb.; and which

Fraud cannot be discovered, as the Cloths are always

brought home wet.

And the Witness gave your Committee the following Instance of a Fraud committed by one of his own Weavers: That the Weaver had wove 8 or 10 Pieces of Cloth before either of them came to the Scale to be weighed, when it appeared they were 7 or 81b. a Piece too light; upon which Discovery the Witness examined his Books, to fee wfiat the Weaver was then at work upon, and found he had two Blues; which, when he brought home, he certified he had put the Whole of the Yarn intrusted to him into the Two Cloths; but, upon searching his Houft, the Witness found 131b. of blue Yarn, which he should not have suspected, if the former Cloths had not come home lighter than they ought to have been; whereupon the Weaver was committed to Prison for 14 Days, as the Law directs.

Being asked, Whether there are no Methods by which he might discover the Frauds he had complained of, by weighing the Manufacture some Time after he had received it, and comparing the Weight at that Time with the Weight at the Time of Delivery ?

5 Z He

452 t i° Februarii. A. 1774.

He. said, That in respect to the Wool and Yarn, it may ;be done, by putting it in a Room where there is a Fire or other warm Place; but would be very inconvenient, upon Account of the Room and Time it would take ;up. And the Witness said. That the Embezzlement of the Chain and Abb by the Weaver tenders the Cloth of less Value than was intended by the Clothier.

Thomas Tippets, Esquire, likewise a Clothier in Glou-

cefterjhtre, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Pet tat, with respect to the Frauds committed by the Pickers, Scribblers, and Spinners; and added. That he has had Cloths come from the Weavers 3 or 41b. lighter than they ought to have been; and that tome Pieces of Cloth have fold above£. 4 cheaper than they would have done, on that Account: That although, upon Search, large Quantities of Ends and Yam have been found in Possession of divers Persons; yet, for want of being able to prove the Identity of the Goods, the Persons in whole Custody they were found could not be punished, the Laws at pfefent not compelling the Persons in whose Possession they are found to discover how they came by them.

Mr. Nicholas Pearfe, a Factor for Mr. Tippets and other Clothiers, said, That from the bad Quality of the Cloths, occasioned by such Embezzlement, they are often sold at an inferior Price.

Mr. Thomas Cooper, a Clothier, at Hampton, in cejlerjkire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Pettat, with respect to the Frauds committed by the Scribblers, Pickers, and Spinners; and that, with respect to the Weavers, the Witness apprehends they can easily embezzle or 51b. in a Piece of 30 Ells, or 60 lb Weight.

And the Witness gave your Committee the following Instance of a Fraud committed by a Weaver employed by hi me That the Weaver having Two Chains, and between 40 and 501b. of Abb, delivered to him, the Value whereof was £. 13; he fold the whole Quantity for about jf. 6, and set off for London, but was taken up at Oxford, and brought back, tried, and coqvicted j and that his Punishment was only Imprisonment for 14 Days, and Whipping.

And the Witness further said. That he had, in search-tng of lulpedted.Persons Houses, found a large Quantity of Wool and Yarn of various Sorts, different Colours, different Wools, and in many small Quantities, and not being able to swear to the Identity of any of it, the Persons could not be prosecuted.

Mr. William Peach, a Clothier, near Hampton, being examined, informed your Committee, That he put out Two Pieces of Cloth to a Burler, to pick out the Knots, or any thing else that did not properly belong to it;

that the Burler fold one of the Pieces, and kept the

other till it was rotten; and all the Witness could do to her, was to imprison her for 14 Days, and hav'e her whipped, there being no other Punishment by the Laws in being; and that the Piece which was rotten was fold for Half the Value, and the other loft entirely.

Ordered, That Leave be give to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory: And that Sir William Gnife and the Lord Clare do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Buildings A Petition of Robert Taylor and James Adam, Esquires, and Joint Architects of His Majesty’s Works, in Behalf of Party Walls. t|ie HuildcTS of L ondou and Westminster, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the* better regulating of Buildings and Party Walls, and other Purposes, having been found ineffectual, and so many Doubts having art fen upon the Construction of the said Act, that it is difficult for Persons employed in directing Buildings to comply therewith, or to avoid incurring the Penalties thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing or amending the Whole, or such Parts of the said Act,

1

as to the House shall seem proper; and for the better preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Limits described in the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of I'act contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to the Earl Percy, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir John Wrottefey presented to the House, according Butterton, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *c-Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste *nc 0 urc* Grounds, within the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Yzendoorn’s Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Fan Yzendoorn: And Nat. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* Account of the Value of the Imports, from Germany and ®rdered» Holland, to England, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Value of the Linens.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Export*. Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens, printed, f

painted, or stained, exported for Ten Years pall; dif- ‘

tinguishing each Year; also distinguishing those exported to Holland and Germany, and different Parts of Europe, from those exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies od Plantations.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Iatport*. count of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linen imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, and the Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereon.

Mr. Speaker having informed the House of a Letter Privilege — in a Newspaper of this Day (intituled, " The Public T‘hc " Advertiser, Friday, February ii, 1774," and purport- sPea^ec* ing to be printed for H. S. Woodfall, NJ 1, the Corner of Ivy Lane, Pater Nofier Row) addressed to Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker of the House of Commons, reflecting on his Character, and on his Conduct as Speaker of this House, in relation to an Application to the House, by Petition, for an Inclosure of Lands in the Parish ‘of Tottinglon, in the County of Norfolk;

The said Paper was delivered in at . the Table, and read.

And several Members, in their Places, having stated what passed in the House relative to the said Application;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That H. S. Woodfall, Printer of The Public Act-vertifer, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next;

The House was moved. That the Entry' in the Journals of the House, of the 20th Day of 1751, touching the Proceedings of the House in relation to Alexander Murray, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the said Letter to Sir Fletcher Norton is a falft, malicious, and lcanda-lous Libel, highly reflecting on the Character of the Speaker of this House, to the Dishonour of this House, and in Violation of the Privileges thereof.

t

14 Geo. III. 1 i°-^i4°

Ordered, That the said H. S. Woodfall do attend this House upon Monday next.

Ways The Orders of the Day being read; and Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. . Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Marine Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Forces. Jng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 14° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

TEETER Fan Yzendoorn and George Christopher Degen took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Papers re- The House being informed that Mr. from the

FrceP rts Office one His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of

rw*n ort5’ State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Jamaica, the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their &c. Address to His Majesty,

N° x. Ext raft of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Drilling to the Earl of D, dated , 11 th April 1773; received 14th June 1773; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of Lieutenant Governor s Ob-

fervations on the Spanish Trade.

N° 3. Copy of an Address from a Cane Planter to Lieutenant Governor: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Dalling to the Earl of , dated 15th

May 1773; received the 21st of July-, inclosing,

N° 5. Copy of the Memorial of the Coffee Planters in Jamaica to the Earl of Dartmouth.

N° 6t Copy of the Address of the Coffee Planters in Jamaica to the Lieutenant Governor.

N° 7. Copy of the Answer of the Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica to the Address of the Coffee Planters: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Dalling to the Earl of , dated , the

20th of November 1773; received 7th 1774;

inclosing,

N° 9. Extract from Lieutenant Governor Dalling % Speech to the Council and House of Assembly of Jamaica, 19th October 1773.

N° 10. Extract from the Address of the Council of Jamaica to Lieutenant Governor Dalling.

N° 11. Extract from the Address of the Assembly of Jamaica to Lieutenant Governor Dalling. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the 6th Vol. 34.

Februarii. 453

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more " free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods " and Merchandizes} for granting certain Duties, to " defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the " Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods " from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom;

" and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported " from the said llland into any other British Colony;

and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported " from the said Island of Dominica into any other of " the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in " rica, for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports

established in the Island of Jamaica.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Bonington, and the humble Petition of Rebecca inclosiire. Wingfield and Martha Wingfield, Spinsters, William Hankin, John Kitchin, John Raymond, James Underwood,

Thomas Hankin, Henry Sheffield, and others, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Manors of Potton Regis, Potion Muckmanured, Potton Rebtoria, and Potton Burdetts, in the Parish of Potton, in the County of Bedford, there are Two Open and Common Fields, the One called Gamlingay Field, and the other Windmill Field, which, together with certain Common and Waste Grounds adjoining thereto, were known by the Name of Potton Heath; and that a confidence Advantage would accrue to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Two Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Byng, Sir George Osborn, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire, and Jones’s his Issue, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Name. Purnell, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Staunton mon Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, Indofare. within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Woollen to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds Manufactory. and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory: And the fame, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Abbott’* mon Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbott's Ann Atui, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Iwlofare. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lowndes,

A,

454 14 0 Februarii. . 1774.

Lowndes, Mr. Evelyn, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Severn Mr. Dcwdefwell reported from the Committee, to Inclosure w^om t^lc ^1 for dividing and inclosing the Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Severn , in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of F.states of the Annual Value of 116/.; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed is 2,203/. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Southwell Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to &c* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. pasture and Waste Ground called Cottmoore, and Part of the Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called,

within the Districts of Southwell and Westhorpe, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hockerton, A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Roads ar*d Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying near or con-04 s‘ tiguous to the Towns of Hockerton, , South-

well, Normanton, and *Wink bourne, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from The Guide Post, on Averham Flash, on the South Side of Averham

Park, through Hockerton and Kirklington, by The Cocket House, to a River on the Forest of Sherwood, called Rainworth; and from the Market Place in Southwell, through Normanton, Hockerton, and Winkbourne; and from Winkkourne, over Hockerton Moor, to the Bottom

of a Lane, called Intack Lane, from the Narrownels thereof in many Places, and the Nature of the Soil, and the Carriages frequenting the fame, are become ruinous and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual repairing and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in proper Repair for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ilfiock A. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure. Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of in the County of

J.eicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Sir John

Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s'

Chamber.

Mr. Anthony Bacon presented to the House, according Shoreditch to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment Workhouse, of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore- &c. ditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse; and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to continue, amend, and render Tonbrid e more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Well*f Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road &c.

from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County RoaL of Kent, to Ringles Croft, near Uckfield, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to les Cross, near Uckfield, in the county of .

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the- Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in c. -and by Virtue of an Act of Parliament herein after Ir &c. *r# mentioned, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Bo- - Road*, rough of Cirencester, the Town of Hampton,

and Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, and of several other Parishes and Places of and in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud» bridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifiey, so far as the Bottom of Gulph in the County of Gloucester-, and setting forth, That the Roads byt the said Act intended to be repaired, containing Eighteen Miles and upwards, are Part of the great Roads leading from the Town of Cirencester to all the Clothing Parts of Gloucesterfhireand Places adjacent, and

lie in a deep and founderous Country; and that on the making of the said Act, Four Turnpikes were set up, and have been ever since kept and continued on the said Roads; to wit, Two at the Round Tower near the Town of Cirencester, the one leading to the Town of Minchin Hampton, the other to Bifiey, to the Bottom of Gulph Hill; One at Burnt Ash, near Blue Boys, in or near the Town of Minchin Hampton, and the other at Rodborough Butts, near the Town of Stroud; and the Trustees acting by virtue of the said Act, besides the Tolls taken at the said Turnpikes, have borrowed the Sum of £. 800; which, together with the Tolls, have been laid out in repairing the said Roads, which, by Reason of the heavy Carriages travelling thereon, are exceedingly damaged, and the Tolls are little more than sufficient to pay the Charges of collecting. the fame; and paying the Interest of the said Sum off. 800; and that the said Roads cannot be put or kept in Repair, without a further Supply of Money, betides the Tolls to be taken at the said Turnpikes, and the Statute Duties of the several Parishes and Places through which the said Roads lead; and that the Street, or Road, leading from a Place called The High Cross, at Cirencester, to the Town’s End of Cirencester, and which leads from thence and the other Places before mentioned, into the aforesaid Road, is, and for some Time past hath been, much out of Repair, and cannot be properly repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

Mutiny,

(Amenfca.)

Corn.

C Lip ham new Church.

Free Pom. (Jamaica.)

I4.~Geo.JII. 14° Febru'ani. 445

iven to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, that the Trustees named and appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, may be impowered to take the lolls, by the said Act directed to be taken, at each of the aforesaid Turnpikes, or at any other Turnpikes that, by virtue of the said Act, shall be erected or Vet up on the said Roads, in any one Day; and that the Qualifications of the acting Trustees, and the Terms and Powers mentioned in the said Act, may be the same as in the said Act is mentioned, and such further and other Relief given in the Premises-as to the House (half seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred 'to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Southwell,

&c„: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Periods, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, Th» Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment i»f the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America: An€ that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.;

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Exportation of Corn, Own* and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Floilr, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the lllands of Jersey, and Alderney, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease j And to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney; was read the Third Time. .,; j

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Pr. 5. J. 17. To leave out " or," and to insert of" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to by the House; and 'the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refalved, That, the JBiil;do pass: And that the.Title be, An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grains 4nd other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies'in America; and to extend the Provi lions of a>u Act,'made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Cpfi," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flou/, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands, of j^>j/^y, and

Alderney, to Broad,; Biscuit, and Pease; and, to; allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney.

Ordered, That M t. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lards, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossfd Bill for veiling a Piece of Waste Ground, with.in and Parcel of the Manor of iA the County of Surrey, jp Trustees j and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon; was fead the Third Time.

: Resolved, That the Bill do. pass s And that the Title

be,. An Act for veiling a Piece of Waste Ground, within and Parcel of the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build a oe'* Parish Church thereon.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . , .

... M

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City . Vol. 34.

of Brijlal, Under their CtJmmon Seal, Was presented to the House, and read s; Setting forth. That, by an Act; paSTed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s, Reign, certain Ports in the- Island ol Jamaica and Dominica were opened, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; which Act was found to be beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, in the moll extensive Manner; and that, by an Act, pasted in the Thirteenth Year of His laid Majesty’s Reign, the Time limited by the said Act; wa» extended, as to Dominica, to the First Day of November 178c, and from thence to the End of the then, next Session of Parliament; and as to Jamaica, until the-First Day of November 1774, and . from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Extension of the said Act to the Island of Jamaica is of very great National Import, as it opens aTrade on the Spanish Main, which takes off great Quantities of Negroes, and those of a Quality which tfiz-Jamaica Planters do not choose to purchase, and also great Quantities of

British Manufactures: And therefore praying. That the . said Act of the Sixth of His present. Majesty may be extended, as to Jamaica, to the same Period as -tp Dominica.

Ordered, That the said /Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whoje House, to whom it is referred to1 consider of.so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend " an Act, made<in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and " establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica " and Dominica, for the more free Importation, and ExJ " portation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; fox " grunting-certain Duties, to defray the Expences of " opening, maintaining, l'ecuring, and improving such " Potts for ascertaining-the Duties to be paid upon " the importation of Goods from the said Island of " Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into " any other British, Colony; and for allowing Timber " and Wood to be exported, from the said Island of Dominica; into any other of the British Islands, Colo-

" nies, or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established. in the Island of Jamaica.

A Petition of severalTrullees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in; the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from, the Town of Manchester, by " a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township " of Crumpfal, to the Town of , and from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place " called ReJJ'es of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, and " from the said Place.called Bejfes of the Barn, to " cliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," was, presented to the , Hpufe, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads } and that the said Roads cannot be efl'eftually amended and kept in Repair* and the Money now due be discharged, unkfs the Term of the said Act be further, continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereof enlarged and made more effectual; and that a certain Lane, called Sheepfoot Latte, in the Parish of PreJhvich,

adjoining the said Roads, has been and is iiill liable to be much damaged by the Carriage of Materials for repairing the said Roads ;and it is reasonable that the Petitioners should be impowered to make some Allowance out of the Tolls for repairing the said Lane: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for continuing

6 A . the

Mancheftef

to

Rochdale,&c.

Roads.

r

45 O 14 Februariu.A. 1774;

the Term, and enlarging the Powers thereof, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to §ir Thomas Mr.

Lascelles, &c. r And they are; to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers*, and Records.

Cardiff A Bill for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Street*, &c. Streets and Lanes in the Town and Borough of Cardiff, irt the County of Glamorgan; and for removing and preventing 'Nuisances and Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

worth, Mr. Phipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lincoln*- Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accord-Inn ing to Order, a Bill for declaring the Society of Lincoln's eXcfciaL°* nn> an(l their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of not to

be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdaySevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant

'February.

Privilege. The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance (MA Wood- of H s. Woodfall;

Mr. Horne.) And the House being informed that the said H. S.

Woodfall attended accordingly } he was called in; and the printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Public " Friday, February 11, 1774,’' and purporting to be printed for " H. S. Wo N° 1, the Corner of Lane, Pater Noster Row " (which Paper was upon Friday Jail delivered in at the Table,) being shewn to him at the Bar, he confessed that he printed and published the Letter therein contained, addressed to Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker of this House; and having informed the Home, that the said Letter was delivered to him by the Reverend John Horne, he submitted himself to the Mercy of the House.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved', Nemine contThat the said Henry

Sampson Woodfall, having printed and published a Letter,. addressed to Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker Of this House, in The Public Advertiser of Friday daft, (which Letter this House hath resolved, Nemine con-tradicente, to be "a false, malicious, and Scandalous " Libel, highly reflecting on the Character of the' Speaker of this House, to the Dishonour of" this " House, and in Violation of the Privileges thereof,")' is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said H. Woodfall be, for his said . Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House," and inlerting the Words " committed to His Majesty’s u Gaol of Newgate" inllcad thereof.

The said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 29th Day of December, and the 12th Day of February 1696, touching the Proceedings of the House, in relation to Anthony Morin and James

An Jerson, might be read.

to

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the said 12th Day of February 1696, touching the Proceedings of the House in relation to Robert Montton, Esquire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " take into " the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this " House," and inferring the Words " committed to the " Prison of the Gate house" instead thereof 5

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 2d and 3d Days of December 1740, touching the Proceedings of the House, upon a Complaint of a printed Paper, intituled* " The Daily Post," dated /Monday, December 1, 1740, printed by J. Meres, in the Old Bailey, near Ludgate; and also of a Paper printed by Hughs, Printer, in ,might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Words " taken into the Custody of the Seije^pt at Arms attending this House" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \,su

Tellers for the Noes, J ^^Ide^James Fox: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the -

Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " the " said H. S. Woodfall having, at the Bar of this House,

<c confessed that he is the Person who printed and " published the said Letter, and having informed the " House from whom he received it, and having fob’-. v mitted himself to the Mercy of the House."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Henry Sampson Woodfall be,1 for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; the said Henry Sampson Woodfall having, at the Bar of this House, confessed that he printed and published the said Letter, and having informed the House from wi>om he received it, and having submitted himself to the Mercy of the House.

Ordered, That the Reverend John. Home do attend-this House upon Wednesday next. ' -

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday pree Port,. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act', made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,-intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made " in the Sixth' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establish-"

" ing certain Ports, in the Island of Jamaica and " miniea, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods apd Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports;

" for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties:

upon Goods imported from the said Island into " any other British Colony; and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the said Island of w Dominica, into any other of the Islands, Colo-

" nies, or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica,

.Resolved

i4 Geo. III. 140 — 1

Way» and Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

k*eans‘ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Marine Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Force*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti15* die Februarii \

Anno 14* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

Hockertoa, 11 fR. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to *c; 1V1 whom the Petition of several of the Justices of

Kamshire) t*ie Peac«» and Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying

Roads, near, or contiguous to, the Towns of Hockertou, -lington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Milivard, being examined, said, That he knows

the Roads described in the Petition; that few Highways - in the Kingdom are in a worse Condition; that they are harrow in feme Places, and very ruinous and deep in others; and that they cannot be amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, near the Towns of Hoekerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normauton, and Wink-bourne, in the County of Nottingham And that. Mr. Willoughby and Mr. Hewet do prepare, and bring in, the . fames .: .; .

Fianlngiey A Petition of several Freeholders, and others* of the;

Iadofure, Parish of Pinningley, in ;the Counties of Nottiftgham ard-York, whose Names are thereunto subscribedv. was pre*. fented to the House. and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields and Waste Grounds, which, , in their present Situatiqiv are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and, that, if the same were divided and' inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Persons interested therein, it* would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, *s the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill, pur-, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Hewett, and Sir George Savile, do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

New In#. A Petition of George Sherwood, Treasurer of the So-(SuClemenu) ciety of New Inn, in the County of Middlesex,

Darley, Joseph Limebear, and John Dax, Gentlemen, Three of the Ancients thereof, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Ancients and Fellows of the said - Vox, 34. .

;® Februarii. 457.

Society, was presented to the House, and read'; Setting forth. That the Lands and Possessions of the said Society arc derived from, or held immediately under, the Society of the Middle Temple; and the said Society of New Inn hath ever been governed and conducted by their Treasurer and Ancients, who have relieved their Members, Officers, and Servants, upon all Applications made to them for that Purpose; and that the said Inn is considered by the Legislature as a Member of the Middle Temple, in the several Acts for raising the Land, and Window Tax, in the same Manner as if the said Inn was Extraparochial,. as well as the Middle Temple -r and that the Parish of Saint Clement Danes have lately rated the several Occupiers of each Chamber within the said Inn to the Poors Rate, as a distinct and separate Dwelling, whereby an heavy, and entirely new. Charge is attempted to be brought upon the said Society; and the Members and Students thereof may, in Consequence, be deemed liable to Parochial Duties, totally inconliftenc with the original Design and Institution of this and all other Law Societies; and that the declaring the Lands and Tenements within the said Inn, and the Fellows or Members thereof, not liable to Parochial Taxes, Burthens, and Duties, would tend to the Benefit of the said Society, and to the great Ease and proper Establishment of the Members thereof, and cannot be injurious to the said Parish, as the Petitioners are willing to undertake to maintain their own Officers, Servants, and Poor: And therefor^ praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House ibail . feemjuft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Serjeant Glynn,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Re* cords.

A Petition of Robert Kirke, Esquire, ^Principal of the Clement* Society of Clement's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, !""

and Robert Par doe, Edward Bowman, Richard Way, and John Pacey, Gentlemen, Four of- the Ancients thereof, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Ancients and Companions of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, drat Clement's Inn is, and hath been from Time immemorial, an Inn of Chancery, and a Member of, and dependent on, the Inner Temple, and as such has been always set apart for the Practice and Study of the Law, and governed and regulatefl by the Principal and Ancients thereof, and hat,b been considered by the Legislature as an Inn of Chancery belonging to the Inner Temple, and charged accordingly to the L&nd Tax and Window Duty, which Taxes are assessed and levied amongst the Members of the said Society according to their Quotas; and that the Society now do, and always l»ve, paved, lighted, watched, and cleapfed, the said Inn, at their own Expence, and also relieved their Members, Officers, and Servants, when any of them have been unable to provide for themselves, and they have applied to the said Society for Relief; and that the Parimioncts of Saint Clement Danes have lately rated not only the said Society as Part of the said Parish, but allb the several. Occupiers of each cefpeeftive Chamber within the said Inn to the Poors Rate, as distinct and separate Dwellings, which the Petitioners apprehend to be greatly injurious, and whereby a new and heavy Charge is attempted' to be brought upon the said Society, and the Members and Students of the lame* who, in consequence thereof, may hereafter be deemed liable to serve Parochial Office which would be inconsistent with the original D< and Institution of this and the other Law Societies,

which.

45*- 15° Febfuariv. ' 1774:

which, till of late, have been donfidered as exempted from all Parochial Taxes and Duties; and that the declaring the said Inn, and the Companions and Members thereof, to be exempt from Parochial Taxes, Burthens, and Duties, would tend to the Quiet of the said Society,' and cannot be injurious to any Parish, the Members of the said Society having always been, and still are,’ willing to continue, at their own Expence, not only the paving, lighting; watching, and cleansing, of their said Inn, but alto the Maintenance of their own Poor, if any such should be, as well as their Officers and Servants: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purpose of quieting them in the Possession and Exercjie of their ancient Rights, and an Exemption from all Parochial Rates and Duties; and 'that the said Society may continue to pave, light, watch, and cleanse, their said Inn, and provide for and support their own Officers, Servants, and Poor; or afford to the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem mcetv

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and state to the House the Matter of Fast contained in the said-Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nino of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BasingAoke, - - A Petition of severalof the Trustees appointed to put &c. in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year Roads. Qf j£ing George the Second,' for repairing and widening the Road from Bajiugfioke, through,

Whitchurch, Hutjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish Of in the County of Wilts; and who, by an Act, passed in the next Session of Parliament, were declared Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Spittle House, over JVtyhiH, to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of Southampton; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been frufcle in amending the Roads under the Petition’drS Care, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, a great Part of which still remains due, and the Petitioners apprehend cannot be repaid, and the Roads completed, andkept-in Repair for the’future, unlets the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged; and that the Road from the White Hart Inn, in Andover aforesaid^ t b rough; Charlton, to the Extremity of the Parish of Andover, towards ‘Faugley, arid from the said Road at Chari-tony through Fdxcottj to Clanfield Bottbm, in the Parish of Wey, and also: the Road from the present 'Turnpike Road at Wey hill, through Sarfott Lane, to Street,

in the-Parish esf.Amporl, are in a‘ruinous Condition, narrow iri some Places, and cannot be- sufficiently amended and kefit! in Repair by the Ordinary'Oourse of Law: And therefore praying, That'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to -enlarge-the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, including the -said1 Road from Spittle House to Mullen's Pond, and; for repairing and widening the new and additional Hoads' above-mentioned, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referted to the Canlideration-of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and-report the fame,'as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

.And it is referred to Six’John Griffin Griffin, Mr. l.eth'tadiier, &c.: And they ato meet Tomorrow Morning,; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s - .»:

Chamber; arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Daniel Lascelles;frpofted friom the Committee, to Swinton, whom the- Bill for dividing and incloting the Open *cj. Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed G rounds nc 0 ure* within the Manor and Township of 5Minton, in- the Parish. of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the.

County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had-given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed’him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read-through-out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the Housel

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted- ’

A Petition of Jacob Julien Baumgartner was presentjed Baumgart-to the House, and read Praying, That Leave may be ner’s given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.’ *no ! .

Ordered, That’ Leave be given to bring ih' a Bill^ according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And ’that; '

Sir Charles Whitworth, and’ Mr. /^b/ztyrrii,'do;prepare;‘ and bring in, the lame. ..... ‘

- - -. - - ii i.: A - .

' t t c (

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Law* what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report- Expiring, their Opinion’to the House, which1 oFthem are fit tq’ &c* be revived dr continued: . ' _

And a Committee waS appointed of Sir Clunks /

worth, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber., ' . ;. ' ’ ' , ’

..... . - ( ... --it

Sir Charles Whitworthpresented to the House, accoAF Mutiny

ibg to Order, a Bill for further continuing Two Acts,’ and made in the Sixth and Ninth Years cif His Majfeftjr’s^ a")

Reign,/or punishing Mutiny and Deflation, and ¥or thie^ better Payment of the Ar/ity and their’Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions ih America: And the same was received; ‘and read the Fijrft.Trme. ' /

Resolved;That the Bill be read a.Ssecond Time; '

; ..... "...:; j " - \

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in' Bury. &c. the Twenty-eighth Y^ar of K,ing George the S<#opd, Roads, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road frdih i ter-, c;.\:

" tain Place in Bury,‘ in the County of HUntihgdoni " through War boys. Old Hurfl, Saint " tejley, Warejley, Gftmlingay^ apd Pottokl to'd.HoUfe " called 'the Spread Eagle, in SIrattoh, within the fyyehil " Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford, was’ read a Second Time. , '

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Lord Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s’

Chamber. '

.1

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, , Militia., who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1774; That the Committee had1 prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards, delivered it in . at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth.; !

_ . ': ' . - tv * i.

ESTIMATE

14 Geo. III.

15° Febru

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the f*ay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1774.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s.each, 28 Days - - = 3

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s. a Day each ——

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each -

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each -

For additional Pay 1030,840 private Men, forgoing to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6a Week each -Ditto — to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d.a Day each -

Ditto — to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-division Meetings, computed at - -

Ditto — to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer -Cloathing for 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. 10 seach -

D# — for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.$. 10s.each -

D° — for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2 each

For additional Pay for cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1 each Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s.6 d.each per Day, for 28 Days -Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenant* to Grenadier Companies, at 3 6 d.

each, for 28 Days -

Ditto — to 433 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for 28 Days u - »

C s. d.

43,176----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950----

6,168 —

455 —

63$ >5 1,079 8

3>5°° —

4,000 —

10,023 — — ~ 46,260 — —

5»397 -

2,400 — —

108----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827-----

£.179,766 ix — *

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Table. Morning.

Yzendoom's A Bill for naturalizing Peter Van Yzetidoorn, was read A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made in Plymouth Nat* a Second Time. the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Paving, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit*-Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to of Plymouth, in the County of Devon-, and for regulating

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was read Speaker’s Chamber. a Second Timev

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Graves,

Gleichman’s A Bill for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichman, Mr. Parker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Nat. was reat) a Second Time. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, tcc.i And they are to An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Severn

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the mon Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Stoke Speaker’s Chamber. Manor and Parish of Severn in the County of Inclosure.

t was read the Third Time.

A Bill for naturalizing George Christopher Degen, was Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title read a Second Time. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the worth. Sir Charles Whitworth, 8cc.: And they are to Manor and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the County of meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Worcester.

Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to

» the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House /

Forees. tQ rcf0ive jtself into a Committee of the whole House, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Wallingfen upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Inclosure. rine Forces, while on Shore, be now read. ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, having Right

And the said Order being read accordingly; of Common upon a certain Common called Wallingfen,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented Mr. Speaker left the Chair. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is,

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee. belonging to 48 Towns, Hamlets, and Villages, with-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. in the Parishes of Howden, B/achtoft, South

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they and North Cave, in the said East Riding, an

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Open extensive Common, or Piece of Ground, called ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, Wallingfen, containing, by Estimation, 5,000 Acres, or when the House will please to receive the same. thereabouts, which Common has always laid Open,

Vol. 34. 6 B without

Rawmarfti

Inclosure.

Uolderness,

Si Cm

Drainage.

460: 150 Februarit, A. 1774-

without its being known what Township or Parish any tain Low Grounds and Carrs, in in the East

Part thereof lies in, or belongs to; and that, by an Riding of the Councy of York, was presented to the

Ad, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His pre- House, and read; Setting forth, That there are divers

sent Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Cora- Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the Several Parishes,

mons, Low. Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of TowntJjips, and Places, of Winfieadr Pali ring ton, South

Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the FrodinghHollym, Owthorne, otherwise

said East Riding, and for making a Navigable Cut, or thorne, InglandyHill, and Walker Fields,

Canal, from Market Weighton to the River Humber, containing 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, for feve-Powers are given to make Cuts and Drains in and ral Years last past, have been, and still are commonly through the Said Common of Wallingfen, and to inclose overflowed, for want of proper Drains and Outfalls, a Part thereof, for raising a certain Tax in the said Act and are rendered of very little Value; and that the said mentioned, in case the Same should not be paid by the Grounds and Carrs are capable of being effectually Proprietors of the Said Common; and that the Said drained, cultivated, and improved: And therefore Common, in its present Situation, is incapable of any praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Improvement; but, if the Same was divided, and in- for draining the Said Low Grounds and Carrs, under cloled, and Specific Shares allotted to, and vested in, the Such Regulations and lleftri&ions as to the RouSe (Itall Several Persons interested, all Taxes thereon might be. Seem meet.

fairly and equally laid, and more easily raised, and OrdThat the said Petition be referred to the Con-

many Advantages would arise to the Several Persons sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

entitled to Such Allotments, and the same would in the Matter thereof; and report the Same, as 'it shall

many llelpetts be of yery great public Utility: And appear to them, to the House:

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring And it is referred to Sir George Mr.

in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and effectually draining, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

the said Common, called Wallingfen, and for the ealier Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

raising the said Tax, by repealing, explaining, or amend- have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ing, lu.ch Part or Parts of the Said recited Act, as relate

to the said Common, and for other Purposes in the said A Petition of the honourable George M>/'rfr/, Esquire, Ludboroogk Bill to be mentioned, under Such Restrictions, Powers, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Inclosure,

and Regulations, as the House shall think fit. Lincoln, the Reverend Henry Thor old, Rector of the

Ordered, That the Said Petition be referred to the Parish of Ludborough, and others. Proprietors of Lands, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- and otherwise interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Shall appear to them, to the House: Grounds, within the Said Parish, whose Names are there-

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, unto (ublcribed, was presented to the House, and read;

*&c-: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Pe-.Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and titioners, and others, in the Said Open Fields, Mea-have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. dows, Common Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, lie dif-

perfect and intermixed, and, in their present Situation,

A Petition of the Lords of the Manors within the are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and Parish of Rdwmarjk, in the West Riding of the County that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Per-1

of York, and of the Several Freeholders of the Said Sons interested therein, if the Same were divided and in-

Parish, and others interested in the Inclosure of the doled: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Lands there, was presented to the House, and read; given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, Several laid Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Fields, Common Ings, and Mean Inclosures, other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Such Man-and also several large Commons or Tracts of Waste ner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ground; and that, by reason of the Said Common Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Fields, Common Ings, and Waste Grounds, lying Open pursuant to the Prayer of the Said Petition: And that and Uninclosed, and of the Said Mean Inclosures being Lord Brozcnlow Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr. Amcotts, the mixt Property of divers Owners having Specific do prepare, and bring in, the Same.

Parcels of Land therein, the same cannot be cultivated

to the belt Advantage; and that it would be for the A Petition of several Freeholders and others of the Wroot great Benefit of the Several Persons interested, if the Parish of in the County of whose Names Inclosure

laid Common Fields, Common Ings, and Waste are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and Specific Parts and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Said thereof allotted to them in Proportion to their Rights Parish, Open Common Fields and Waste Grounds, and Interests, and also if the said Mean Inclosures were which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any held in Severalty by the Proprietors of the Same: And considerable Improvement; and that, if the Same were therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Said Common the Persons interested therein, it would be an Improve-Fields, Common Ings, and Waste Grounds, and allotment of their Estates: And therefore praying, That ting to the Several Persons interested Specific Shares and Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing Proportions thereof, according to their respective Inte- and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in Such rests therein, and for exchanging and allotting the Lands Manner, and under Such Regulations, as the House shall in the said Mean Inclosures amongst the Several Owners think fit.

of the fame, So as to make the said Inclosures entire Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and in Severalty to the Said Ownersrespectively. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Lord Brmvnlow Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr. Amcotts,

Suant to the Prayer of the Said Petition: And that do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile and Mr. Ckoltnleydo prepare, and

bring in, the lame. An ingrossed Bill for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Ba- CalJer

ronct, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from Cyml A Petition of Sir Robert Hildyard, Baronet, the Re- the River Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper s.

verend Mark Sykes, Doctor in Divinity, Henry Maijler, Bridge and the Mouth of the River Colne) to The Kitig's a

Esquire, Henry Etherington, Esquire, and others, whose Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding Names are thereunto subscrioed, being Owners of cer- ' of the County of ywas read the Third Time.

The

14 Geo. III. 15° — 160

The House was moved, that the Petition of Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, a Minor, by his Trustees Dame Margaret Rams 'den, and Thomas , Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of January last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for restraining Sir John Ramsden from ufin.g any Boat or Vessel, in the Carriage of Goods, upon the said Canal.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It pa{Ted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from the River Caldyr (between a Bridge called Cooper s Bridge and the Mouth of the River to The King’s

near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Dords, and desire their Concurrence.

Parliaments. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw- 1

bridge, > 94.

Mr. Alderman Oliver: )

Tellers for the Noes,} *}r. CU£ j

So it passed in the Negative.

Electors. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Eligibility of Persons to serve in Parliament;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 'Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual suppressing of " Blasphemy and Profaneness," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Rights of the Electors of Great Britain, with respect to the Eligibility of Persons to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Ufj"i’rJ Afk} . } 147-

Tellers for the Noes, J } *°6-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Call of Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned the House. till this Day Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Voi.. 34.

Februarii. 461

Mercuriiy 16- die Februarii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIIul Regis, 1774.

Pr AYERS.

LORD BrownlowBertie reported from the Com- Owraby inittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Indofuie. several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Philip Pulse, Esquire, Impropriator of Milton, the Great Tythes in the Tythings of Milton Lilburtie, &c-Milton Abbotts, and Milton Havering, in the Parish of ^nclo^ure* Milton, in the County of Wills, Charles Curtoys, Clerk,

Vicar of the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands,

Rights of Commons, or other Interest, within the Tythings aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Three Tythings, several Common Fields and Common Downs, which might be greatly improved if inclosed, and divided into speciftc Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Swinton Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Inclosure. Grounds, wfithin the Manor and Town lift p of in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Aefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Swinton, in the Pai ifh of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of lark.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ?.ccord- Baumprtner’* in to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Julien Baum- ^at* gartner: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George Merttins, Stephen Hervey, John Lincoln’* Frere, George Meackhara, Edward Hunt, and John Hayne, Irn>&c- Esquires, Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Ext,a^urochl United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors and Directors of the Poor, and all other the Inhabitants of the said United Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for declaring the Society of Lincoln's and their Lands and Tenements within the Limits and Bounds thereof,

in

Ditto.

Ditto.

Land Tax Commifliauei s.

African

Company,

&c.

46$ 16° Februarii. A. 17741

in the County of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens; and letting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such a Bill will be extremely injurious to the Rights of the said Parishes, wherein great Part of the said Society is situate, as it will tend to exempt several of the Parishioners from the just and reasonable Contributions to which all are liable, for the necessary Support and Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, in Behalf of themselves and of all other the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that, if the said Bill should pal's into a Law, it would be extremely injurious to the Rights of the said Parish, as it is intended to comprehend within the Limits of the said Society the Messuages and Tenements situate in a Place called Serle's Court, which do not belong to the said Society, but arc the separate Freeholds of private Individuals: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-lel, before this House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Lajv.

A Petition of Benjamin Kennel/, Samuel Roberts, Richard Jones, Thomas Figg, William William

Seager, and Thomas Price, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Committee for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the City and Liberty of Wand County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would be highly injurious to the Rights of the said Committee, as it is intended to comprehend within the Limits of the said Society all the Messuages and Tenements situate in a Place called Serle's Court, which do not belong to the said Society; and that the said Committee have already assess'ed the Inhabitants of the several Messuages and Tenements in Serle's Court to the Rates for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the fame, under the Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, considering them as separate Tenements within the said Parish, and no Part of the said Society; and that the said Committee have borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Rates, and have mortgaged the same as a Security for the Re-payment thereof, which Sc-' curity will be considerably weakened in case the above Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And that Mr. Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plea fed to give

Directions to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, Copies of any Letters, Memorials, or Representations, complaining of the Conduct of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Servants, together with the Proceedings of the said Commissioners upon such Complaints, if any such were made, since the Year 1768.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of Goods exported from England to Africa, from Christmas 1768 to Christmas 1772; distinguishing each Year, and the Place from whence exported.

Ordered, That Richard Camplin, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," so far as the same relates to the Election of Committee Men for the Direction and Management of the African Company; and bring with him all Letters, or Copies of Letters, received by the African Committee from their Governors in Africa, from June 1769, to the present Time; and also Copies of Letters from the said Committee to their Governors in Africa, from the 30th November 1769, to the present Time: and also Copies of so much of the Minutes of the said Committee as contain Rules and Orders for the Government and Regulation of their Officers and Servants in Africa, or for redressing Grievances; and also the Reports of the Cursitor Baron of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on passing the Committee’s Accounts for the Two last Years; and also an Account of the Number of Slaves exported from the Gold Coast of Africa to His Majesty’s Plantations in America, since the Year 1757, as far as the same can be made out; distinguishing each Year; and all'o a Book, intituled, " Liverpool Correspondence."

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Calvert do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Burton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Gilbert Petrie, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sdo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Stubbs do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Petition of the Dean and Canons of the King’s Free Chapel of Saint George, within His Castle of Windsor, Impropriators of the Rectory and Parsonage of Titcombeand Fcjibury, in the County of Wilts, the

honourable James Everard ALeflee of the said

Rectory and Parsonage under the said Dean and Canons, Edward Tanner, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Titcombe, and also Owner of the greatest Part (by much) of the Lands within the said Manor and Parish of Titcombe, and Thomas Pyke, Labourer, Owner of Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, containing 400 Acres and upwards of Arable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and their Under-tenants, except about 37 Acres, the Property of Thomas and that there is also, in the said Parish, a large Piece of Down Land, containing upwards of 390 Acres, which, if, together with the said Arable Land, was inclosed and divided, would be greatly improved, and be thereby rendered of great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common

Fields

Exporti

to

Africa.

African

Trade.

Titcombe,

*c.

Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. i6° Februam: 46$

Fields and Down Lands, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that tb« Lord Folkestone, Mr. Penru and Mr. Goddard, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Leeds and Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

Llv'rH Order, a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, 'tana/ ^rom *h« Leeds and Liverp Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River at or near Selby, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant February.

Elections. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That Leave be -given to bring in a Bill to remove Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, or Mayors or other Officers of Corporations, from Churches or other licensed Places of Divine Worship;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the pre-w venting irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other M Officers in the electing and returning such Members," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Efedtions of Members to serve in Parliament, or Mayors or other Officers of Corporations, from Churches or other licensed Places of Divine Worship;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Lord , 1

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Alderman Saw- > 74.

I bridge: J

TdkrsforthcNoes,!^"

So it passed in the Negative.

Marin* Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Force*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

more commodious for a School ttd School House, together with a Close of Land lying behind the fame, and also some small Pieces or Butts of Land, which, ire intermixed with their other Lands in Ckefttr; and that the Place of Head Master of the said School is novtr vacant, by the Death of Rowland and the Pe-

titioner Thomas Jennings is the present Sub-tutor or Usher; and that the Estates belonging to the said Foundation are now increased from the yearly Value of £.z\ 5*. to the yearly Value of 170. and upwards, and will, upon the Expiration of certain Leases out-Handing on old Lives, be of the yearly Value of . 600. and upwards; but some Parts of the said Estates consist of Houses and Buildings, which are very old, and in a State of Decay, the Re-building or Repairing whereof will be attended with a considerable Expence } and other Parts of the said Estates consist of Lands, which lie dispersedly, and in many Places intermixed with the Lands of other Persons, from whence many Inconveniences may arise; and that the Petitioners, the said Governors, conceive, it will greatly contribute to the Benefit of the said Foundation, if they and their Successors are enabled, as Opportunities shall offer, and it shall be found expedient, to fell such Parts of their said Estates as consist of Houses and Buildings, and to lay out the Money to arise by such Sales in purchasing Lands of Inheritance, in Fee, to be vested in them, upon the same Trusts, and also to make Exchanges of such other Parts of their said Estates as lie difperied or intermixed with the Estates of other Persons; and that great Advantage will arise to the Youth educated at the said School, and that the said Foundation wiii be greatly improved, if they and their Successors are enabled, as the Revenues of the said School shall in-; crease, to appoint additional Mailers and Ulhers, with suitable Salaries, to instruct the Youth educated at the said School, in Writing, Arithmetic, Geography, Navigation, Mathematics, Modem Languages, and such other useful Branches of Education as shall render the said Foundation of the most Benefit; and if the said Petitioners and their Successors are also enabled to remove or displace all and every the Masters and Ulhers of the said School, for Immorality, Inability, wilfal Neglect of their Duty, or any other just and reasonable Cause: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the aforesaid Purchases, and for the several other Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations, for the Benefit and Improvement of the said Foundation, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions

And it is referred to Mr. Legh, Mr. Turner, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

M*ccles6e!d A Petition of the Governors of the Possessions, Reve-Fre? School, n^es, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of , and of the Reverend Thomas Jennings, Clerk, the Sub-tutor or U(her of the said School, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Letters Patent of King Edward the Sixth, for founding a Free Grammar School in Macclesfield, for the Instruction of Youth; and setting forth. That the "old School and School House "belonging to the said Foundation being inconveniently situated, and in a State of Decay, the Governors of the said School, in the Year 1750, fold -the fame, with a Piece of Land adjoining, called The School Rank, and a Croft, or Field, Part of the said Trust Estates; and, with the Monies arising from their Trust Estate, have purchased a Messuage, with the Buildings thereto belonging, in Macclesfield, VO L. 34.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Owmbjr

concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure.

Common Fields, Grounds, and Failures, within the Parish of Own by, in the County of Lincoln, -which Bill was this day reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having heed informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as for as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of George Walker, Esquire, Agent for the Free Pom. Island and Colony of Barbadoes, for and in the Behalf (Barbadoes.) of the said Island and Colony, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has received Instrudl ions from the said Colony, to

6 C iolkit

Y

4S4 160 Februarii. A. 17 74®

fblic.it from Parliament % Liberty for Foreign Vessels to . enter their Ports, with any Goods and Commodities of ' the Growth and Produce of any Colony and Plantation

in Atherica, not under the Dominion of His Majesty, (Rum, Sugar, Molasses, Cotton, Aloes, Ginger, and Tobacco, excepted) and to take on Board Negroes, and all Commodities legally imported from Great,

Ireland,' and the British Colonies in except

such Articles aa Parliament shall think proper to exclude; -and that the Petitioner is also directed, on the Part of the said Colony, to add, that while they with to have their Ports laid open to Foreigners, under certain Restrictions, they do not mean to be placed in the same Situation as Dominica, fearing that the like Restraints and Imposts would render their Condition wofle, by cutting off their Communication with their Sifter Colonies, and depriving them of the common Advantages of a British Plantation, but are desirous of being put on a fifnilar Footing with Jamaica; and that the said Island, being situated to the Windward of all The Indies, is the most convenient Place for the Establishment of a general Market;. Europe, Africa, and North America, furnish the great Importation; their Vessels, especially such as are not well acquainted with those Seas, will chuTe to stop at the First Port to which they can go before the Wind, and without being entangled amongst a Number of HJands: It is rarely visited by Hurricanes, and affords Conveniences and Refreshments to the Trader; and that the Utility of Barbadoes, as a Place of Rendezvous for Fleets and Armies, by reason of its Situation, has been shewn from the repeated Experience of the last War; and that the Crops of Sugar Canes in the said Island have failed for a long Series of Years, and this Misfortune having been aggravated by repeated Calamities of Fire, the Aid of a more extended Commerce is become necessary for the Support of the said Colony: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Assistance and Relief to the Inhabitants of the said Island as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Manctiefter Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee* Rochdale tec to w^om t^ie Petition of several Trustees for putting in Roads’ - Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the " Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of " and from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a " Place called Bejfes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, " and from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn, to " Rat cliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:

Then a Member present, who is an acting Trustee for the Care of the said Roads, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have made a considerable Progress in the Repairing of the said Roads, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 4,500 on the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in Repair, uDless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and the said Act amended and made more effectual.

And he further said, That Foot Paths have been raised and made on the Sides of the said Roads, by the Trustees, and are supported at a very great Expence; and that they are frequently damaged by Persons riding

or driving their Cattle upon the said Foot Paths; and that the said Roads, and the Banks and Drains made for keeping the same in Repair, are frequently injured by Cattle being suffered to wander and graze therein.

And he added. That a Lane, passed Lane,

in the Parish of Prejlwick, adjoining to the said Roads, is'greatly cut and damaged by Carriages bringing Materials for repairing the said Roads; and that the Trustees are willing to make a reasonable Allowance out of the Tolls towards repairing the said Lane, in case they are authorized so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester to the Town of Rochdale, and, from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Bejfes of the Barn to Rate life Bridge, ii) the County Palatine of -

Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act, to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County: And that Sir William Meredith, Sir Thomas Egerton, and the Earl Sefton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Shoreditch Occupiers of Lands and Houses and other Premises, wPo?r*°j in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County Wor of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on

Behalf of themselves and others the Owners, Leaseholders, and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and other Premises, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish; and setting forth, That the Petitioners severally contribute and pay towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish; and apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be a very unnecessary and heavy Burthen on the whole Parish: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises . as to the House shall seem meet.

Otdered, That the said Petition do lje upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted, to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Complaint being made to the House, of a Letter Libel ligned, 11 A South Briton," and printed in a News- on the paper (intituled, " The Public A Wednesday, ConiututioB. " -February 16, 1774,’* and purporting to be printed for " H. S. Wood-fall, N® x, the Corner of Ivy Lane,

". Pater Nojler Row,")and also printed in the Newspaper (intituled, " The Morning Chronicle, and London " Advertiser, Wednesday, February 16, 1774," and purporting to be printed for " William N® 62,

" Dorset Street, Salifiury Court ")

The said Papers were delivered in at the Table; and the Letter contained in the said Papers was read

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Letter is a falle, lcandalous, and traitorous, Libel upon the Constitution of this Country, and tending to alienate the Affections of His Majesty’s Subjects from His Majesty and H is Royal Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the Author, Printers, and Publishers, of the said faile, lcandalous, and Traitorous, Libel.

The

14 Geo. III.

Privilege The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance Contempt! ^e Reverend John Horne;

And the said Reverend John Horne not attending, according to Order, the Messenger to w!*om the Order of Monday last, for the Attendance of the Reverend John Homet was delivered, being called upon, to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, that he served the said Order on the said Mr. Horne, on Monday Evening last, at the House of Mr. Tooke, in Serjeant's Inn, Fleet Street; and had delivered -to, and left the said Order with, the said Mr. Horne:

And Mr. Speaker having informed the House, that the Clerk of this House had received a. Letter from the said Mr. Horne, relative to the Service of the said Order j.

The said Letter was read; - and is as followeth;

' Sir,'

Late last Night I received a Notice, ligried with your Name, of an Order, which the House of Commons made Yesterday, for the Attendance of a particular Person on Wednesdaynext.

I apprehend, that Notice mult have been intended for some other Person, and delivered to me by Mistake: of which I informed the Bearer the very Moment after I had read it: At the same Time adding, that whenever the House of Commons shall desire Attendance, I will pay to them all proper and prudent Respect.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Tuesday, Feb. 15. 1774. Your most obedient,

humble Servant,

John Horne.

To J. Hatfell, Esquire,

Clerk of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That the Reverend John Horne, having received an Order of this House, for his Attendance on; this House this Day, and having neglected to obey such Order, is guilty of a Contempt of the Authority, and of a Breach of the Privilege, of this House. *

Ordered, That the said Reverend John Horne be, for his said Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Podr-- Ordered, That the Bill to prevent unnecessary and Vexation* -vexatious Removals of the Poor, be read a Second Removals. Upon Friday Morning next.

Gurh Ordo'ed, That the Bill for reducing the Duty, pay-Senega.. a(-,i£ Upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by

an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying.certain " Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported " into, or exported from. Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to " Great Britain only;" be read a Second Time upon

this Day Seven night.

free Posts. Resolved, That this House will,.Tomorrow at Twelve .(Jamaica.) of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the ' whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Sixth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and " Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for " granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of " opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such

Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon " the Importation of Goods from the said Island of

Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the V O L. 34.

Februarii. 465

" Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island * into any other British Colony; and for allowing " Timber and Wood to be exported, from the said " Island. of Dominica, into any other of the British " Islands, Colonies; or. Planations, in America, for a " limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Yzendoom’s whom the Bill for naturalizing . Peter Fan Tzen- Nat. doom, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and- that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a >

Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Charles Williams, Esquire,. do. To- Free Ports, morrow Morning, attend-the Committee of the whole (Jamaica.) House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the.Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of " Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation " and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes;

" for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences " of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving,

" such.Ports.; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid " upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island " of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the " Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island " into any other British Colony; and for allowing " Timber, and Wood to be exported, from the said " Island of Dominica, into any other of the British ." Islands, Colonies, -or Plantations, in America, for a " limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the.Clock.

Joviiy 170 die Februarii;

Anno 14° Georgii IIIai Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

SIR Cecil Wray presented to the House, according weft to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Retford Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common loclosure. Pastures, in the Parish of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Carton

Indoftre*

Leeds and Liverpool to Selby Canal.

466 vf Febryariu . 1774.

A Petition of Sir Bittingham Graham, Baronet, Lessee of the honourable Thomas H, Lord of the Manor of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York, and

of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of several Open Fields, and Parcels of Land, within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Garton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several open uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Land, containing 4,050 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. LaJ'celics do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir John Goodricke, and Sir William

Milner, Baronets, Richard W, Thomas Sawer, John

Smyth, Thomas Wilson, and John Burton, Esquires, as well on the Behalf of themselves as of others the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of heck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York; and Setting forth, That, in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, an Act passed for making and keeping navigable the Riven Air and Colder, in the County of York; and divers Tolls for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, passing and repaying the said Rivers, were thereby vested in the several Undertakers therein named; and that, upon the Credit of the said Act, the said Undertakers, and their Successors, laid out large Sums of Money, in making and keeping the said Rivers navigable; and their rdpe&ivd Shares and Properties have been, from Time to Time, fold and conveyed in the Nature of Estates of Inheritance, and are become a considerable, if not a principal, Support and Dependence of several Feme Coverts, Widows, and Infants; and that, under the Powers of the said Act, the said Rivers were made and have been kept navigable, from the said Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, to the Tide Water; and, in order to render the Navigation of the said Rivers more convenient and useful to the Community, the Petitioners are now applying to Parliament, for Powers to extend and make all neoeflary Improvements in the said Navigation; and to make a Navigable Cut from the River Air, in or near the Township oiHaddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, at their own Charge; and that the several Improvements, so proposed to be made, will render the said Navigation commodious, and fully sufficient to answer all the Purposes of the Country, and render any Canal from Holbeck to Selby unnecessary; and which intended Cut will not exceed Five Miles and a Quarter in Length, and will open a short, easy, and commodious. Communication between the Town of Leeds and the City of York, and the interior Parts of the County, and between the Towns of Halifax, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and other Places, on the Upper and Lower Colder, Rochdale, and other trading Parts of and the said

City, and other Parts lying on the said River Ouze, above Selby, and which Advantage cannot result from the proposed Canal from Holbeck to Selby, and that the making such proposed Canal will not have the beneficial Effect which the Persons who appty for it pretend, and will deprive the Petitioners said Navigation of so considerable a Part of the Water whiclj now supplies the

feme, as will greatly incommode the Passage of Vessels; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Evidence, by which the said projected Canal from Holbeck to Selby has teen hitherto attempted to be supported, will appear insufficieitt to prove its Utility or Practicability; and besides, the Plan of its Execution requires Powers and Authorities of a very extraordinary Natwe and alarming Extent; and that the said Canal fjom Holbeck to Selby is intended to be carried over the said River, within the Limits of the Petitioners said Navigation, by the Means of an Aqueduct Bridge, which will greatly impede the Passage of Vessels on the said River, and may, in Times of Floods and High Water, occasion the Passage under the said Aqueduct difficult and dangerous; and that the making such Canal will bein many other Respects highly injurious to the Petitioners:

And therefefre praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Right honourable Six John Good- Diuo. ricke. Baronet, and Sir William Lowtker, Baronet, Owners of Collieries and Lands in Swillington, Kippax, and Allerton Bywater, and of Thomas Smith, Gentleman, William Fenton and Thomas Fenton, Esquires, Tenants of the said Collieries, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed the said intended Canal is proposed to be carried over the said Collieries, and through the said Lands of the Petitioners, by which the said Collieries will be much injured, if not utterly ruined, and the said Lands very greatly damaged: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the several principal Owners and Oc- Ditto, cupiers of Houses and Grounds, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of ,in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of x

near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County; and also to make a Navigable Cut from the said Canal, into a Field belonging to Mr. Bradley, in the Township of Hunflet, near Leeds, wherein to make a Baton and Wharfs, for mooring, loading, and unloading, Vessels employed in the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon the said Canal; and that the Petitioners apprehend, should the above Canal, Bason, and Wharfs, be made, it will be in many Respects very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of be read a

Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed that Mr. William Mon- Account* tarue, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of from the

14 Geo. III. 170 Februarii. 467

London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the Fifth Day of July 1773: And also. An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Acts for building and completinga Bridge at Black Fryars, from 28 September 1772 exclusive, to 28 September 1773 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for the rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th September 1772, to the 28th September 1773: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament for repairing The Royal Exchange, in the City of London, from 28th September 1772 exclusive, to 28th September 1773 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from 28th of September 1772 exclusive, to 28th September 1773 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, and for paving, idc. the City of London, from 28th September 1772 exclusive, to the 28th September 1773 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chimberlain of London, on Account of the Tolls on London and Black Fryars Bridges, from 29th September 1772 exclusive, to 29th September 1773 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Aftnby A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands, in the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the c IUT" Parishes or Townships of and Goulceby, other-

wife Goljby, in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others, the several and respective Freeholders of the said Parishes or Townships, have used and enjoyed their Rights of Common in the said Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, promifcuoully, for Time immemorial, so that it is difficult to distinguish the Extent and exact Boundaries of such Rights of Common belonging to each Parish; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed in small Parcels, and arc inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Parties interested, in cale specific Parts or Shares thereof were allotted and assigned unto and amongst them, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their several Lands, T it’nes, Common Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amcotts, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

March A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his inJw|D* late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An

Drainage. " A iff for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, " Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or VOL. 34.

" Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish.

" of Uprwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of bridge," so far as the lathe relates to the several Fen

Lands and Lew Grounds lying in the Sixth in

the said Act described, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bore. Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are. to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Butterton Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, "d within the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of May-field, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Refobved, That the Bill.be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Lord John Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Af- Exeter- 1 fiHants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and Poor. County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That,' by an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years 1 of King William the Third, the Petitioners were incorporated, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor of the said City and County; and by another Act, passed in the -Thirtj'-first Year of King the Se-

cond, endowed with new Powers for the same Purposes; and that, by the great Encreale of the Poor of the said City and County, and by the EnCreafe of the Price of Provisions, the Petitioners have been obliged to contract a Debt of One thousand Nine hundred Eighty-one Pounds and Five Shillings, which they are unable to> discharge, and incapable to answer the Purposes of the above Acts, in a Manner that is confident with the sufficient Maintenance of the Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to raise Money, for Payment and Discharge of their laid Debt; and also to raite such. further Sum, for the more effectual Support of the Poor of the said City and County, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bullet, Mr. Sic.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Air and mittee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Goodricke, and 19"¥*f.

Sir William Milner, Baronets, Richard Wilson, Thomas *vl*aon* Wilson, and John Buxton, Esquires, on Behalf of them- ' selves, and of the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of York, is referred.

A Petition of James Townsend, Esquire, Lord of the Walpole, several Manors of Walpole, formerly Eldreds, and West: Marsh , Walton, on the Part of Walpole, in the Township of E®b*u*,nfc* Walpole, otherwise Walpool, in the County of Norfolk,

Robert Cony, of North Runblon, in the said County

Esquire, Joseph Scott, Henry Nnvcome, Junior, John Thistleton, and John Thft let on the Younger, all of Walpole aforesaid, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Commonable Messuagfes in the Township of Waljxtle aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners of Commonable Messuages there, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there is, within the said several Manors, or one of them, and Township, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Salt Marsh, containing, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, lying on the South

6 D Bast

Degcn’i

Nat.

Yzendoorn’s

Nat.

Marine

Forces.

Admiralty

Papers

respecting

the

African

Forts.

468

1 jFebruarii.

lA.i 774.

East Side of the River or Channel, running from bech to the Sea, and extending from the Sands, at Low Water Mark, on the Norfolk Side of the said River or' Channel, to the Sea, or Fence Bank, of the Township of Walpole, and from the inclosed Mirth in West Walton, Northward, into a Ditch or Creek dividing the said Common Salt Marsh from a Salt Marsh in the Tenure of John Smith and William , lying in aforesaid; and extends Northward to the Sluice erected' for running the Water from the said inclosed Marsh, and from the said Sluice Northward towards the River; and that the Petitioners, and the several Occupiers of Messuages situate in the said Township, are entitled to a Right of Common, or Feed, in and upon the said Comtnori or Waste Ground, which they receive little Benefit from, the fame, or the greatest Part thereof,* being frequently overflowed; and that the embanking;: inclosing, and dividing, the fame, will greatly improve the Soil and Feed thereof, and secure from Danger the , Cattle feeding thereon, and be a Defence for tHfe /eft of the said Township, against high and violent Tides; of late Years frequent, and fuddert, and be of public? Utility: 'And therefore praying, That Leave may be: given to bring in a Bill fot embanking, inclosing, di*: viding, and allotting, the said Common or Waftd Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall ,seem: meet. \ .*!

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred, to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; aar. it shall appear to them, to the House:

And, it is referred to Mr, De Mr. Bacohl

&c.f And they are to meet Tomorrow ‘Mornings at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; apd Be-ebrds.

Mr.. Whitworth reported from the Committee, ' to whom the Bill for naturalizing George Ckrflopher Degen, was committed; That the Committee. had; examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any. Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the . Bill be. ingrossed.

Ah ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Van was read the Third Time. . t

Refdlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Van

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation Of His Majesty’r Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majest.y’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Lifhnrne,:from the Commissioners for

executing . the Office: of Lord High Admiral of Britain;presented to thft House, puri'uant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, Fe+ bruary 177-3: And also,

N" a.. State and Condition of 14th

February 177-3: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Accra and Prampram Forts, February 29, 1773 ;. And also,

N° 4. State andi Condition of Gape Coajl Cqftle, Febmary iyj2 ' Ahdalfo, - /

N° 5. Stafe and Condition of 18th

February 1773: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Dixcovs Fort, 17th February 1773: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Succondte Fort, 17th . February 1^73: And also*

N° 8. State and Condition of Tan turn qu y Fort,

February 1773: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, February 1773.

Together with a List of the" said Papers.

And the said Lift was read. 1

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1 .

The said Papers are preserved amongst thfe other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to tire House, That African their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be- e* graciously pleased to give Directions to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, Copies of any Letters, Memorials, or Represen-tations, complaining of the Conduct of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, or their Servants; together with the Proceedings of the said Commissioners upon fuclvConiplaints, If any such were made, fihee the Year 1768) had beeh presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty: had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions joc*i cottlinglyl ! ’ „ .

i-: /'.r .: 1: r:; ' >

Tire Hottffe wafr moved that thd Order, made upod London the 26th Day^irf January last, for taking iitfo Confide* Ele&‘on» ration, upon Monday next, the Petition Esquire, complaining ofundue Electfoh and Return fof:the City of London, mi^ht be read.

And the fold Order being read accordingly; *

Ordered, Thattfie said-'Order Ire discharged. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this InstaAt February, at* Two of the Clock in the Aner-noon. j i 11 i....

Memorandum:" v The Following Orders and Notices were sent to John Roberts, Esquire, and the Right hdhour-ble Ffederitk Bull, Lord Mayor of the City of

Londonf in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, io regulate the Trials of contro-' verted'Elect ions, ’Ot ltettfrnfc of Members to serve in Parliament.

j Jovis, if die Februarii, .1774.

Ordered, That John Roberts,. Esquire, do, by him* fjelff his Counsel,.or ^\gent, attend this House , . upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of

Rus Ipstant February, ^t Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

V . > ,

Whereas, by an Order of the House of Commons, the Matter of the Petition of John Roberts, Esquire, complaining of an undue ' Election and Return for the City of London,

was appointed to be taken into Consideration by the said Hotlfe, on Monday the Twcfity.-firift Day of this Instant ' '/

And whereas, by fi subseque'nt Order of the said House, made this ’ Day,- the said Petition ii appointed to be taken into Consideration on Monday Scvenni’ght, the Twenty-eighth Day of this Instant February, at Two of the Clock in the'Afternoon’, you are therefore iotake Notice, That the House will* at that v 1 . - Time,

i4 Geo. III.

I fh&bfyarii'.

Time, take the same Petition into Gofl-> federation. . b

Given under my , Hand, the Seven*

- teenth Pay of February One thou fa hd

Seven hundred and, Seventy-four.

..... Flr Norton, Speaker.

To John Roberts, F.squire'. 1

The like Order and Notice to the Right ho-. nourable Frederick Bull, Lord Mayor of the City of London.

Linen Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to Trade, esquire-into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Bnlain and Ireland,.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this, House will, upon Tuesday Seven-. flight, the First Day o i, March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prisoner* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fqr Gaots ^ie of Pri loners charged with Felony, or any

aos‘ other Crime, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees . (p Gaolers, and for giving, a Recompence; for such Fees qut.of the County Rates; and for more, effectually let curing the Health of Prisoners; jn Gaol, during their Confinement; And,(hat Mr. the Lord' Folkea

Jlotie, , J\Ir. Ward, Mr. Saint Mr. Whitbread, apd

Sir ’Thomas (flavoring, do prepare, and bring in, the fame..... > ,. .:

now to anfjver the Matter of.tjre Itdbjjmatyjn given.- to this Hpufe by Henry Sampson WoQ(lfyU, ci): last; and which has been this-Day. read (P.$h© fejd.Mr. Home at the Bar., > . - , ;J

Mr. Horye was again brought in, -t.p„the B§ri ,:4rid Mr. Speaker acquainted him therewith,. ,d; . " And the said Mr. Horne was further. ^smjj.baying

said, that be was not guilty of the.Mat^Ow'itfeoWhich he is ,charged, he wap agaiq direifted tpJai fa&pifcrfrtoin the Bar. ' y.\i.- ... -vAlo bncf'l ru Ordered, That the said Mr. lloryi fig/flgajp. ferpwgh'f in, to the Bar, and that Henry

mined in his Presence,. , .

The laid, Mr. Horne was again brought in j /to the By*; and the said Henry Sampson IV being ialfo brought

tin, to the Bar, the said Henry. Wooffall was examined in the Presence of the said Mr. .,>; -.,u.

And the said Henry Sampson Woodfall having informed the House c?f the Names.' of ftis Ssrva^ris yfually era-ployed nj printing the Paper; intituled, The Public Advertiser> the said Mr. Horns and, Mr. wt^e

directed to, be taken from thp Bar. )

A Mption; vyas, made, aryl the Question. being, pyt. That Mr. Richard, Penny. Ao attend thi§ Hoyle Tomorrow Morning, .

.. The tlqule divided, ...t

The Yea^ wpnt forth., ij r*K

Tellers for the Yeas lMr' "

J , ' ’< Mr. Hanmer,:.;r

/Mr., Alderman OJiyjVf,..,-

Tellers, fqr the Noes',t Mr.. Alderman Tppp.yr.

I:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

44-

Privilege The Deputy Serjeant ;at Arms being called upon,. to and give- an Account of what had been done, in relation to Contempt. t|ie Order of Yesterday,;for taking the Reverend Horne into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arras attend* in^ this House; .:

(Mr.Horne) File Deputy Serjeant at Arms informed the House;

1 that, in obedience to the said Order; -the said Reverend Juki Horne, had. been, taken, and is, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending (his House.

Ordered, That the said Reverend John Horne be brought in, to the Bar of this House.

.And he was brought in, to the-Bar, by the Depyty Serjeant at Arms, accordingly.

And the said Beverend John Hornet Handing at the Bar, and the Serjeant by him with the Mace, was informed by Mr. Speaker, that the House had, upon Friday last, " Retolyed, that a

" letter, addressed to Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight;

" Speaker of this House, in The Public Advertiser otf that Day, is a false, malicious, and dcandalous, Libel,

" highly reflecting on the Character of, (he Speaker of " (his House, (o the Dishonour of this House, and in Violation of the Privileges thereofand that Sampson Woodf all had, at the Bar of (his House, informed this House, that the said ^Letter was delivered to him by the Reverend John Ibrne.

And the said Mr. Home b^ing asked by Mr. Speaker what, he had to offer to, the House, in relation to the-fold Charge; _: . / ! , ! .

The said Mr. Hornewas heard., , ... i

And then he was directed to be. taken from the Bar. . , .

A Motion was made, and the Question was proppfed, That the Reverend VIr. John f/owha^-fetisfactonty ex*-culpated himself from (be Contempt with which he ftapds charged, for refilling to attend, this House; and that he h© therefore discharged from thp Custody of tltt Serjeant at. Arms attending this House./ . ;:

And the previous Question being; put. That that Question be now put; .

It passed in the Negative, .

Ordered, That Mr Hombe again brought to tire Bar; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, that he is Voti. 34-

Ordered, That Mr. John:Sitnidait $$ ,attejgtd this House, at the same Time. r;j «, . ..... \t

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Davis do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of thf MifTeF of the Charge against the Reverend Mr. John Horne, be adjourned till To^nortow /Mottiing., \

Ordered, That the Order of the Day. for 4;he House Free Pom. to resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, njade in; the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and -amend an A2t, fna®e.

<c in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ....

" intituled, An Act for operiing and establishing certain " Ports in the! islands of Jamaica and tkminiea, for " the more free ltaportafcloii and Exportation of certain " Goods, and Merchandises; for. granting certain " Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, fecorifag,' and improving, futh-Ports; for " ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Impor-." tation of Goods from the said island of Dominica into

" this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon " Goads imported from the said Island into any other " British Colony; and' for alloiving Timbermnd Wood.

to be exported, from the said Bland of Dotmrdca, into any other of Che BnitifiiIflands* Cofotties, or Plantations,' m America, far a limited’Time,1" as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica,

be now read. ' ..

; And the Taid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of £juo so inudi of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Yeat of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Adftocon-tirrue and afcuend an Act, nude in the Sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for <c opening and establishing certain Ports in the lilands of " Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation " and Expectation of certain Goods and Merchan-!" dizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Exptences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving.

Y

470 17* — *8

" proving, such Ports) for ifcertaining the Duties to bd " paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said " Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said " Island into any other British Colony; and for allow* " ing Timber and Wood to be exported, from the said " Island of Dominica, into any other of the British " Island s. Colonies, or Plantations, in , for a

limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica: And that they do- report the fame, as it shall appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, &c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and nave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

African Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Trade. h|giit} the 3d Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for extending and improving the Trade to ," so for as the same relates to the Election of Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of March next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V meris, 18° Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

P* ave as.

£ri(Well \/f R* Holtpresented to the House, according to Or-

Inclosure. JLVA. der, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Lammas Grounds, Warrens, Open and Common Fields, Heath Grounds, and certain Common and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Erifwell, in the County of Suffolk: Am} the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Clerkenwell ML Gascoyne presented to the House, according to (St. James) Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages and Poor.’ and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint Jdmes's, and for removing Obllruftions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church j for repairing, watching, and lighting, the Highways $ and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the said Parish; And the same was received» and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Basford A Petition of the most noble Henry Duke of New-Ind&urc. castle, and the humble Petition of others, whole Names are thereunto set, being the Owners of Lands, Tithes, and Common Right, in the Open Fields, Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and the Common Lands are not capable

Februarii. Jl. j 774*

of any considerable Improvement iri their present Situation; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided arid inclosed:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inelofing the Open Fields, Commonable and Waste Grounds; in the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House may leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dodd, the Earl of Lincolnj Mr. Willoughby, and General Clinton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the most noble Frederick Duke of bid Dorset, Lord of the Manor of Old Stratford, in the Stratford County of Warwick, and a Proprietor of Lands irt the Common Fields of Stratford, in the said County, and the humble Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgestes of Stratford upon Avon, in the said County, Im* propriators of the Great and Small Tithes of the Common Fields of Stratford and Welcomb, and of the Great Tithes of Bishopton, in the Parish of Old Stratford aforesaid, and Proprietors of Land in the said Common Fields, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands in the’ Townships and Hamlets of Stratford, Welcomb, and Bishopton, aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Townships and Hamlets, several Open-and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands; called by the general Name of Stratford Fields, which lie intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly encreased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bi'll, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr; Dowdeswell, Lord George Germaine, and Mf. Skipwith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Council and Assembly of the Island port# of Antigua, was presented to the House, and read; (Antigua.) Setting forth, That, from a Series of bad Crops, from a dreadful Fire which happened in the Town of Saint John in the Year 1769, from a Hurricane in 1772, and from the Emigration of the Inhabitants therepf, the said Island is reduced to a State truly alarming, and such as the Petitioners fear mull, if not speedily succoured, occasion its entire Destruction; and that the Distresses of the few who yet remain on the Island are continued by the unremitting Severity of the Drought, which has occasioned such a Scarcity of the Staple Commodities, and consequently such a general Decay of Trade, that many of the Inhabitants are without the.

Means of procuring the Necefiaries of Life, while the total Ruin of others is almost daily brought about; and that the Petitioners cannot think of any Means so likely to alleviate their Distresses, and the Distresses of their Fellow Subjects, and to restore that Country to its former flourishing State, by a Return of its Inhabitants and Trade, as an Act for making Saint John's and Parham, in the said Island, free Ports, similar to those of the Island of Dominica; and that the Act for making free Ports in the Islands of Dominica and Jamaica being to expire in the next Session of Parliament, and as the Petitioners are informed that Applications have been, or will be, made for a new Act to continue them, they therefore make Use of this Opportunity to endeavour to get the Ports of Saint John and Parham included therein; and that the said Island, being to the Windward of all the Leeward Charibbee Islands, and happy in its many excellent Harbours, is well situated to become

the

14 Geo. III. i8° Febr 471

the principal Mart and Storehouse of the Whole; and the Petitioners are well satisfied that, by clierishing the Spirits of the present Inhabitants, bringing back the Emigrants, and restoring Trade to the Island, the most l'anguine Wilhes of the Petitioners will be fulfilled, and the Revenues of the Crown will be considerably en-crealed; and that the said Island, although more fe-verely alllided with Drought and other Calamities than the other Leeward Charibbee Islands, has, at a considera-bie Charge, accommodated His Majesty’s Regiment quartered there, for a great Number of Years, a Circumstance from which the other Islands derive almost equal Advantage and Security, although they do not at all contribute their Assistance towards the Expence: And therefore praying the House, to take their unhappy Condition into Consideration, and to pass a Bill for making Saint John and , in tfcis Island, free

Ports, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bedford A Petition of the Commissioners for gutting in Exe-Level cutio.n an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year

Drainage. of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the D°U'n Third, intituled, "An Act for draining certain Fen ' " Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the

" Part of the Great Level of the Fens, comnftnly " called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, " Welt, and the Hard Lands of BoUifltam, Swaffham " Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of " the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of " the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, " commonly called InvejieLands," and of several other

Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits alcrclaid, was piclented to the House, and icacl; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes charged and to be charged by the said Act, great Part of which Money has been laid out in lowering and deepening the Loads mentioned in the said Act, and in making Banks by the Sides thereof,

and on the East Side of the River Grant, and in repairing the said Banks but that the Tolls thereby granted are found inadequate totiie Expences the Commissioners have already been and mull hereafter beat; and that the Land Owners in the said Ditlrift are not able to support the said Works, and to pay the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and laid out in the Erection, Making, and Maintenance thereof, without larger Tolls; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, many of the said Lands had been betorc dug out into Hods or Turf Pools, it was thought necessary, in order to encourage the Improvement of such Lands, that the same should be allelfed or charged with oniy One Half of the Tax wherewith the other Lands of the same Sort should be charged, during the lirlt Seven Years after ~ passing tire said Act; and that the said Term of Seven Years is near expiring; and it appearing to the Petitioners that lcarce any of the said dug Lands have been as yet at all improved, or is it apprehended, are capable of such Improvement (at lead for many Years) as to enable them to bear an equal Tax with the whole Grounds, or that many of them can be sold for tire Amount of such Taxes as are already due thereon; and that the Powers and Authorities in the said Act contained are not sufficier.t for the Purposes for which they were intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting larger Tolls, and for amending the said Act in such other respects as shall leem meet.

O/0ered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 34.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambel*; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great tain, for the Service of the Year 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for declaring the Society of Lincoln's and their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens, upon IVed next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common Seals, respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, the making and establishing legal Quays, or Wharfs, in the said Port, will be a Means of greatly encreasing, and tend to the Security of, the Commerce of the Place, and improve His Majesty’s Revenues at the said Port; and that it is needfary \ Baion, or Dock, with proper Relcrvoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, should be provided, for the Safety and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels uling the said Port and Haven, and proper Provision made for preventing Damage by Fire or' Thefts there, and for regulating the Trucks and other Carriages uled in conveying Goods and Merchandize within the said Town; and that other necessary Regulations should be established within the said Town and Port, for the better carrying on the Trade and Commerce thereof; and that the i'.xpence of making and maintaining the said Quays or Wharfs, Basons or Docks, Rcfervoirs, and other Works, will be greater than the Inhabitants oLthe said Town wiil be able to bear, nor can the same be done without some Assistance being granted by Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above-mentioned; and that the Petitioners may have such Assistance and Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

6 E Ordered,

Land Tax.

Lincoln's

Inn

Society,

Poor: Vexatious . Removals,

Hull Quays, Dock, Harbour, &c.

47 *

i8°- — 21*

A. 1774.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to, the 'Conlkleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the 'fame, as it flull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Lascelles,

8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and c+ACOB Baumgartner took the Oaths ap-

Records. J pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Luna,2i° die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 774.

Pr

AYERS.

Manchester Sir 'Thomas F.gerton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers °£Ca e’ of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Roads. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, to the 7'own of Rochdale, and from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crv.mpfal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called BeJJ'es of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine o i Lancaster \and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Owmby An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Horne. The other Order of the Day being read, for the

further Hearing of the Matter of the Charge against the Reverend John Horne-,

Ordered, That Mr. Horne be brought in, to the Bar; and that Mr. Speaker do, in his Presence, examine the three Persons who were ordered Yesterday to attend, touching the Letter which was published in the Public Adverlifer of Friday last.

Mr. Horne was accordingly brought in, to the Bar.

And the said Reverend Mr. Horne Handing at the Bar, and the Serjeant by him with the Mace, Richard Penny, John Sterndale, and Charles Davis, the three Persons who were Yesterday ordered to attend, were severally called in, and examined, by Mr. Speaker, in the Presence of the said Mr. Horne.

And then they severally withdrew.

And the said Mr. Horne was heard in his Defence.

And then Mr. Horne was directed to be taken from the Bar.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Reverend Mr. John Horne be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof the Words, without paying his Fees.".

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. John Horne be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Huntingdon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for new Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Robert Jones, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of the Goods exported from England to Aftica, from Clmjhnas 1768 to 1772; distinguishi.ng each Year, and the Places 1'rom whence exported: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Imports, from

Exports

to

Africa.

Import*

from

manyjxad Holland, into England, for the last Ten Years that are made up j distinguishing each Year, and the Germany. Value of the Linens.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Poor: Reading of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatibus Vexatious Removals of the Poor, be now read. Removal*.

And the said Orderr being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WedtiefdaySevennight, flie 2d Day of Madch next,

at Twelve of the Clock.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers and Inha- Brittol bitants of the City of Bristol, Consumers of Coal, was R°a<^ presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a Grievance the Petitioners alledge they labour under, by a Clause in an Act of the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England, with respect to weighing of Carriages laden with Coal, which is contrary to the Intention of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, by which Coal passing on the Turnpike Roads are exempt from Toll at the Turnpike Gates; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Trustees of the Bristol Turnpike Roads have petitioned for Leave to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers given by former Acts: And © therefore praying, That a Clause may be inierted in the said intended Act, to exempt Coal from being weighed at any Engine on the Bristol Turnpike Roads, as the bringing Coal to the City of Bristol affects l'o i'mall a Part of the Turnpike Roads, it seldom passing more than Two Miles thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, under and by virtue of an Act, passed

in the 3tft Year of King George the Second, intituledj " An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two " Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 19th Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act * ' " for

N

14 Geo. III.

" for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an " Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road " from the City of Glouccjier to Stone, and other Roads " therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more " effectual; and the other passed in the Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for continuing Two Atts of Parliament, the one passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the First, for amending the several Roads " leading from the City of; and the other

" passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and " for making the said Acts more effectual; and aifofor " repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and for " making all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several " other Roads," is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

West A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Opem Arable Reiford Fie]<js> Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in nc o ure. Gf gfgj} Retford, in the County of Nottingham,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wray, Mr. jLafclies, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hcapham Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill fir dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Fr.e Commons, in the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Degen’s An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing George Christopher lNat< Degen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Degen.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brickie- A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Clerk,

A-r Impropriator of the Corn Tithes, within the Hamlet ure. Bricklehampton, in the County of , the Re-

verend John Rawlins, Clerk, Vicar of Perfhore, in the said County of Worcester, and as Inch entitled to the Small Tithes arising in t he said Hamlet, Robert Wilson Cracroft, Esquire, and Thomas Byrch Savage, Esquire, and also of flie other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Unincloled and Commonable Lands within the Hamlet or

ton.aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Open Fields, Failures, and Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but which would be greatly eucrealed in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of*4he laid Petition: And that.Mr.

Dowdeszveil and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Banon, A Petition of Sir Hanson Bertiey, Baronet, Lord of Incloi'urc. t^ie Manor of Barton Bendish, and in Bartons in

the County of Norfolk, and of several other.Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of , Barton

dish, or Eaflmore, in the said County, and entitled to Vol. 34.

473

certain Rights of Common within the said Pari ft), was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Parish, several Old Whole Year Inclosures, lying in small Pieces intermixed.

Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waile Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, containing by Estimation 4,371 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are certain Rights ol Como)0ns, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests, in and over the said Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Heaths, Commons, and W’afte Lands; and that the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Old W’hole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, anti H.uf Year Inclosures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided, allotted, inclosed, and exchanged, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors thereof, it would be advantageous to the Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and exchanging, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bacon*Sir Edward Afcley, Mr. De Greand Sir Harbor d Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace the most noble George Duke WaddefJo* of Marlborough, Lord of the Manor of Waddefdon, in lndolur*.

the County of Bucks, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Edward Mill-ward, James Hitchcock, Jasper.

Robins, Thomas Adams, Thomas Grace, and the several other Persons whole Names arc thereunder written, Proprietors of Common Field Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Waddefion aforesaid, in the said County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields,’and Commonable Lands, winch lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their prel’ent Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the same were divided and inclosed, and fpgcific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lowndes and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, and Kn efl>orougk William Mafierman, Esquire, the Guardians of John Forest

Ingilhy, Esquire, an Infant under the Age of Twenty- Incl°sure* one Years, Richard Wi/fon, Peter Johnfou, and Francis Fawkes, Esquires, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons interested in the Division and inclol'ure of the Waste Lands, lying within the Eleven Constableries of the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District, called The Knaresborough, in the County of as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And Setting forth, That a great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act; but the Commissioners have not yet proceeded to make any Sale of Land for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners are Owners of divers

Meflyages

li° Februarii.

Acomb,

See.

lndofure.

Jones’s

Name.

Dunton,

See.

Inclosure.

474 110 Februarii. A. 1774

Messuages and Lands, situate within, or near unto, the Distribl called The For eft, and arc entitled, in rel'pedt thereof, to Right of Common upon the Wastes by the said Act directed to be inclosed, and their Claims thereto have been settled and allowed in the Manner by the said Act directed; and that the Petitioners are entitled, after setting out the Allotments to His Majesty, and certain other Allotments of the said Wastes, to a Proportion of the Residue of the said Wastes and Commons; and that the Petitioners conceive the said intended Division will be attended with much greater Advantage, if the Commissioners were impowered to set out and allot unto His Majesty and the Petitioners their respective Proportions of the said Waste Lands, without any Abatement thereout in respect of Land intended to be sold, with Powers to inclose the same at their own Colts, the Petitioners paying their respective Shares of the Expences provided by the said Act to be defrayed out of the Money to arise by such Sales; or, in Default thereof, that Power may be given to the Commissioners to raise the same by way of Mortgage, to carry interest, upon the said Allotments respectively; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Act is in some Parts defective and wants Amendment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Acomb with Holgate, in the County of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Township of Acomb, and within the Township of Holgate, which lies contiguous to the said Township of Acomb, and which is Parcel of the Manor of Acomb with Holgate, there are several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Balks, Commons, and other Waste Lands, and Grounds, containing by Efti-mation 2,000 Acres; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it will be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the Premises, and^ill also be of public Utility, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Balks, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Acomb and Holgate, and the Manor of Acomb with Holgate, in the County of the City of York, and other Purposes in the said Bill to bti comprized, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said. Petition: And that -Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmley, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Purnell, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Spencer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Dunton, in the County of Bucks, and Patron of the Redtory, and Parish

Church of Dunton aforesaid, and is entitled to all the Open and Common Fields in the said Parish, except certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Redicry, which lie dispersed and intermixed with the Petitioner’s Lands; and the Reverend Benjamin Preedy, Doctor in Divinity, is Rector of the said Parish Church, and as such entitled to the Great and Small Tithes arising within the said Parish; and that the Petitioner’s Lands and Grounds, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Redlory in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of the bell Improvement, and it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioner, and the said Rector and his Successors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a proper Recompence made in lieu of such Glebe Lands, and of the Great and Small Tithes within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Open and Common Fields in the said Parish of Dunton, and for veiling certain Glebe Lands and the Tithes belonging to the said llcdlory in the Petitioner, and for making a Compensation to the Rector in lieu thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Robert Clayton, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichman, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of such of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Justices, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the fame, County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol belonging to the said County of Pembroke, at Haverford West, is inconvenient for the Purpose intended, and is greatly gone to Decay; and that, at the last General Quarter Sessions for the said County, it was their Opinion, that a new Gaol was absolutely necessary, and ought to bfe erected, and that certain Lands situate in the Town and County of Haverford West, belonging to Martha Watkins, Widow, was a proper Place for erecting a new' Gaol for the Use of the said County; who, upon being applied to, hath agreed to fell the said Lands for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing the said Lands, or such Part thereof as may be necessary for the Erection or Building of the said Gaol, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Owen, Mr. Yan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, Leys Lott Ground, and Commons, in certain Places, commonly called Bishop s Itci.lngtcn Heath, CAri/lmas Hi//, The O/t, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting

Glelchnaai/a

Naci

Pembroke

Gaol.

Bi (hop’s Itchinsnon Inclosure.

i4 Geo. III. ii° Febru

Setting forth. That the Estates of the Petitioners and others, in the said Heath, Chr and Commonable Places, lie intermixed, and dispersed in and over the same; and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Heath, Christmas Hill, Olt, and Commonable Places aforesaid, into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Skipwith, and

Sir Edward AJiley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

’ . )

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Mortgagees, or Creditors, under an Act, pafl'ed in the 28th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton,

Gamlingay, and Potion, to a House called The Spread Engle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford\, was presented to the House, and'read; Setting forth,-.That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term of the said Act; and are informed that Application is intended to be made, for Exemptions from Toll on some Parts of the Road included in the said Act, whereby the Petitioners apprehend, their Securities will, be lessened:. And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, as it now stands, and that no Exemption from Payment of Toll may be granted, that may lessen the Securities given to the Petitioners under the former Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the 28th Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place " in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through " Warboys, Old HurJl, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley,

" sley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a House called The " Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties " of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and * is committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Torrington, and also the humble Petition of Sir Roger Burgoyne, Baronet, the Reverend Edward Crane, Doctor of Laws,-and of several Freeholders and Owners of Estates, in the County of Bedford, on Behalf of them-lelvesand others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road frorri Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through several Pari Ihes and Places therein mentioned, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the Cqunty of;

and that, at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by the said Act, held loon after the Commencement thereof, a Turnpike was directed to be set up, within the Parish of Sutton, in the said County of Bedford, and also a Gate in the Parish of Gamlingay, which are a great Oppression to the Petitioners and their Tenants, and the Petitioners are informed no other Meeting (than as aforesaid) has ever been held within the said County of Bedford, which is now aimost 20 Years ago; and that, for Want of proper Meetings of the Trustees, the Repairs of such Part of the said Road as lies in the . laid County of Bedford, have been very much neglected, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that Part of the said Road would be much better repaired and managed, if a sufficient Number of Gentlemen who reside, or have Estates, in that Part of the Country, were joined with the present Trustees, for the Care and Management of the said Road, and if they VoL, 34.

were impowered to hold a.certain /Number'of Meetings in every Year, within the County of and ifoa

reasonable Share or Proportion of the Tolls, which are collected in the County of Bedford, were directed by the Act to be applied towards repairing such Part of the Road as lies within the said County: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves 6r s Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said' Bill is committed; and that such proper. Clauses and Ptovfl-lions may be inserted in the said pill, for the Relief of the Petitioners, in the several Matters aforesaid,- and such other Relief, as the House shall think equitable and just. r: : l. _ ,= 4

Ordered, That tHd said Petition be referred t<6 tlife ./ Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill fotr enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth' Year of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road from a certain-Place " in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through "..boys. Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley, Warefley,

" Gamlingay, and Potton, to a House called The Spread " Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties^ of " Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedis committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves of Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.. ' -/-.*! f d

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fakl Coin- r mittee, that they.do admit Counsel to be (heard, at th'e same Time, in Favour of the said- Bill, against the said Petition. ;..> '

Mr. Pennatit reported from the Committee,'who were Tree P°rtJ* appointed to consider of so mufch of; an Act, made (Jamaica.) in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amiend an Act,

" mad? in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establish- '

" ing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such " Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon " the Importation of Goods from, the said Hland of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said island into " any other British Colony; and for allowing Timber

" and Wood to be exported from the fetid Island of f " Dominica, into any other of the British Islands, Coionics, or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica; That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed hint to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same tvas read; and is as followeth:; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Free Ports at Jamaica have proved beneficial; and that it is expedient that the same should be continued, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Foreign Account of the Total Quantity of Foreign Linens ex- Linens, ported from England, from Christmas 1771 to 1773, converted into British Yards, with the Amount of the Duties drawn back; distinguishing the Quantities and Drawbacks of each Year. ♦

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an British Account of the Total Amount of the Value of all Exports.

6 F

Foreign

Export*.

Moony

(America.)

Land Tax.

Leeds and Selby Canal.

476 210 Februarii. 1774*

tt/h Manufactures afod Produce exported from to Holland, Germany, Raffia and Ireland, from 1771 to Christmas 17735 distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods and Merchandizes exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Russia, and Ireland, from Christmas z771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

A Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a u Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 14th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names, to be added to those already appointed, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissionersj and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County of York 5 and also to make a Baton and Wharf in the Township of Hunjlet; and that the Petitioners are informed, the said intended Canal is proposed to be carried through the Lands of the Petitioners, whereby their Estates will be greatly damaged; and that such intended Canal will be in other Retpefts prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard,( by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, ft 8

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said'Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary, for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done uponr the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Decembet 177a, (which was presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of April in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1771, (which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report, which w’as made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1774, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

TVays and Meant.

Supply.

14 Geo. III, 32° Februaf. 477

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to . o j' t? Lbring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging

Mart IS y 2 2 die bebruarit J the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the

Anno 14° Georgii III*" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Tottlngton A Petition of John , Clerk, Batchelor of

Inclosure. jf"\. Arts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has obtained a Promile from the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor, of a Presentation to the vacant Vicarage of in the County of Norfolk, which has been lapsed for some Years past to the Crown, which Presentation only waits now for the Seal; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that the Bill depending, for inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, of the said Parish, must irreparably injure the said Vicarage: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass, until proper and just Provision has been first agreed upon with the Petitionei*, and settled, for the Compensation of the certain consequent Loss which this Bill would cause to the Vicarage.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second Time.

Cardiff Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Com--Streets, Stc. m}ttee, to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rotherham A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-T 5° tion so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the

Park Road. Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of Derby; and also from the North End'of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road, on the East Side of Tankerfley , in the said County, as relates to the Road from Rotherham to Tankerfley Park, being the Second District of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Repairs of the Road within the Second District, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according #0 the Directions of the said Act; and that, by a Clause in the said Act, the Petitioners are restrained from erecting more than Two Turnpikes across the said Road; by reason of which Restriction, many Persons can make Use of a very considerable Part of the said Road, without being liable to pay Toll; and that, unless the said Clause is repealed, and the Term of the said A ft enlarged, and some further Powers granted, the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, and the Money due be repaid: VoL. 34.

House shall think fit. t

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Sir Thomas Frankland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pipers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee,' Air to whom the Petition of Sir John Goodricke, and Sir and CalJer

Ham Milner, Baronets, Richard fVilfon, Thomas Navigation,

and John Burton, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the fJndertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and her rfad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 10th and nth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for making and " keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the County of York," was read. And,

Mr. John Gott, being examined, said, He is Surveyor of the Works upon the Rivers Air and Colder, and has been in that Station ever since August 1760; — that the Works consist of Locks, Cuts, Dams, and Weirs, whereby the said Rivers are made navigable; — that the Trade in Coal, Stones, Lime, Manure, and other Articles of Trade in general, in that Neighbourhood, is encreased, by means of the Works upon the Navigation, without which those heavy Commodities could not be carried to such a Distance so conveniently, or so as to answer the Purpose of Trade; — that he has known the Navigation above 30 Years. — And being asked. If the Navigation was in as good a State 30 Years ago as it is now ? he said. It was the same as to the passing of Vessels, but not a» to the loading of them , that since that Time Deals have been set upon the Dams, and Flalhes are commonly made upon the Rivers, which the Trade of the Country did not so much require then as it does now; and that by means of the above-mentioned Deals and Flalhes, Vessels are enabled to draw

Six Inches more Water than formerly. — And being asked, When such Deals were first put up ? he said, In 1760; that they have been hung at all the Danis belonging to the Proprietors, and at most of those belonging to the Mills. — And being asked, When the Vessels began to draw Six Inches more Water ? he said, About 10 Years ago. — And being asked. What Number of Boats were employed upon the Rivers Ten Years ago? he laid, He could not be particular as to the Number, but he knows there are more now than there were then j that he believed, from his own Observation, they are encreased as 3 to 2.

Then several Petitions, which had been addressed to the Proprietors of the Navigation, from Merchants,

Traders, and Owners of Vessels, complaining of Stoppages on the said Rivers, and of Embezzlements and other bad Consequences resulting therefrom, were produced and read to your Committee. Then,

Mr. John Smeaton, an Engineer, was examined:

And being asked. What has been done in consequence of those Complaints ? laid. He was applied to in June 17 7 x, first by Mr. Birt, and afterwards by the Proprietors, to view the Rivers, and give them his Opiniop in what Manner the Navigation might be improved to the great eft Advantage j that he thereupon took a

View _

478

View of the Rivers, and gave them his Opinion, that the same might be considerably amended, but that a complete Navigation could not be made without fresh Powers from Parliament; that the principal Obstructions he found to the Navigation,'were Mills, from the Manner of the Millers using the Water, from Shoals, and from almost the Whole of the Works being laid too high — -And being asked, If those Mills and Shoals are the principal Causes of the Embezzlements complained of ? he said. He believes they are; for, by flopping the Vessels the Men have Opportunities of embezzling; and he apprehends the Mills to be one of the principal Causes of the Stoppages before-mentioned. — And being asked, If he knew any other Causes besides the Mills and Shoals? he said. He believes there are mt>re, but that he could not enumerate them immediately, as he apprehended he was only to specify the principal ones; — And being asked. Which Mills he conceived to have been the greatest Obstruction to the Navigation ? lie said Nottingleyand Brothertm Mills.

It was then made appear to your Committee, that the Undertakers of the Navigation have lately purchased the l|id Mills. And,

Mr. Smeaton being asked, If there are any Obstruc-tionsin the River below Weylaf he said. Yes. — And being asked, If the River below Weyland stood in need of Improvements ? he said, Yes.

Then Mr. Gott was again examined. — And being asked. If he was acquainted with the Construction of Mills ? said. He had been employed in re-building and repairing Mills and Dams on the River for 15. or 16 Years. — AncI being aiked, If there are any Mills upon the River Air,.which, by their Construction, are capable of annoying the Navigation ? he said. There are, particularly Nether- Mill, at Legds, Hunjleet Mills, New Mill, Thwayte Mill, and Fleet Mill, some of which are Corn Mills, and the others Filling Mills. — And being asked. If the Millers at those Mills had done any thing to prejudice the Navigation ?-he laid. They had frequently. drawn down the Water from the Dams, above the Mills, lb as to lay Vessels a-ground, and stop them in their Passage. — And being asked. If this had been in corilequence of the natural Working of the Mills ? he said. It sometimes may have so happened, but very leldom; that they frequently do it to distress Vessels in their Passage, when there is no Nec^fiity for. doing it in the Working of the Mills, in order to collect Money from the Owners and Matters of the Vessels before they will permit them to pass.

Mr. Smeaton was then asked, Whether, as and Brotherton Mills, which had been proved to be one of the principal Obstructions to the Navigation, are now in the Hands of the Undertakers of the Navigation, they might not turn the Water to which Use they pleased, and by that means give a Preference to one Boat before another ? he laid. The several Boats on the River are so intermixed; and that it will require so great a Time to draw dowm the Water, that the Undertakers are as likely to hurt their own Boats (if they have any) as those of other People. Then,

Mr. William JejJ'of, an Engineer, produced 6 Plans to your Committee, which are annexed to the Report. — And being asked. What they described ? said, That N° x is a general Plan of the Rivers Air and Calder, from Leeds and Wakefield to Armine, and of the River Ouze, from Armine to Selby, describing the Cuts intended to

be made as an Improvement to the Navigation; and that the smaller ones are Five of those Cuts on a larger Scale; that he assisted in taking the Survey of those Cuts; and that the Admeasurements upon the large Plan are the respective Lengths of those Cuts. And

Mr. Smeaton being asked. If those Plans of the several Cuts between Leeds and filaddwere taken under his Directions ? he laid, They were ;and that the Execution of those Cuts, and other Works to be done on the Bed of the River, will improve the Navigation, and render

> . 1)74.

it less liable to the Inconvenience complained of And being asked, What Effects will be produced to the Navigation of the River Air, by the Execution of those Cuts, and other Improvements, in the Bed of the River below Weyland bhe said, One principal Effect will be,

that the Vessels will go in much less Time, and without Impediment in the dry Seasons; and the Freight will be consequently lowered, and Vessels may pass with greater Burthens than they do now, taking-the Average of the Year; and they may pals with greater Certainty and Safety. — And being asked,1 If the making of thele Cuts will prejudice the Mills in respect'to their Water? he said. That comparing the improved with the p re lent. State, the Mills will have more Wathr than they have now.

With respect to the proposed Canatfrom to Selby, Air. fiefiop was again called before your Committee; who being asked, if he had surveyed' the Line of it ? he said, He had; and delivered in a Field Plan of the: fame, and declared it is practicable to make the Canal as there described.- — And being asked, What Advantage that Canal, and the Execution of the several proposed Cuts between Leeds and Hadd/efey, will produce? lie laid. Seve-

ral that it.will be a Means of removing all the Objections made to the Navigations from the Stoppage of Vessels, and the Consequencesarifing from those Stoppages; that it will shorten the Distance from Leeds and other Towns upon the River Air, and from Halifax and other Places

upotvtbe River Calder, to Selby and other Places upon the Ouze, and all the Northern Navigation, above 23 Miles. — And bein'* asked, What Elfcdt the Canal from Had-dlefey to Selby will have upon the Lands through which it is to pass ? he laid, It cannot in any Instance prejudice the Linds, because the Surface of the Water will be every where several Feet within the Surface of the Ground, and it will be provided at each End with a Double pair of Flood Gates, which, with the Height that the Banks mutt neceflasily be, from the Quantity of Earth, coming out of so deep a Cut, will prevent any Polfibi-lity of Floods coming into the Canal; that in many Cafes it will be of Advantage to the Lands through which it is to pass, a great deal of it being flat, wet, and unimproved; and that the Canal will be a Drain for the Water that lays upon it after a Flood. — And being asked. What will be the Distance between Leeds and Selby, in case the above Plan be executed ? he laid, 29 Miles and Chains. — -And being asked, Whether, in case the Plan is executed, and the River improved below Weyland, the Navigation will be sufficient to answer all the Purposes of the Country ? he said. He had reason to believe it will be more than sufficient; because, as there will be no Stoppages but the Time taken up in passing Locks, there will be Time enough for 100 or J2o Vessels to pass in a Day, which he believed to be twice or three Times as many as ever have Occasion to pass. — And being asked, If the Lands through which the Canal is to pass, require Lime for Manure ? he said. They will be greatly improved by it, and a Communication will be opened between them and the Lime Kilns at Knolting/ — And being asked. Whether the Lands through w'hich the Canal is to pals are open or inclosed ? he said, The greatest Part are open Commons, which are at present chiefly covered with Furze, and wet, but capable of great Improvement. — And being asked, If he knew any greater Improvement to such Lands than draining and Lime ? he said, He did not. — And being asked, If in laying out the Canal, he had Regard only as an Engineer to the ealieft and belt making of ^he Cut, or had like-wife a Regard to the passing through the Lands with as little Injury to them as might be? he said, If he had only considered it as an Engineer, he might have shortened it perhaps a Quarter of a Mile, by making it a right Line, to which there is no natural Impediment; but that he made it a main Object to Ikirt along rhe-Hedges and Borders of Inclosures, between lepaiare

Properties,

23° Febru.

Jones’s

Name.

14 Geq. III. .3 2° Februartt.479

Properties, to avoid every Appearance of Iiyury; and A Petition of Thomas AJketog, of in the County that he was very fortunate in finding such a Tract for it, of Chester, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read better than be could have expected. — And being asked, Setting forth, That , Jate of Ted~

How many Locks there will be between Haddlefey and foprth, in the County of , Esquire, de-Selby ?he said, Only one, which is at the Jundlion w'ith ceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Ouze. — And being asked. If he took anadtual Survey the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand Seven from the Lane near the Turnpike, across the Cars at hundred and Sixty-four, devised all his Manors, Mef-Selby ? he said. He did not; for that when he was there fuages. Tenements, Lands, Rents, Hereditaments, and it was covered with Water; but though he did not real Estate whUlsoever (subject to'certain Rent Charges actually fee the Ground, he is certain there could be no therein before given and devised) to the Petitioner, the natural Impediment to the making of the proposed Canal Nephew of the said Testator, for Life, with divers Rein that Part, for he took the Length of it in that Part mainders over, with Remainder to the Petitioner in by Trigonometry, and that the Length of Space which Fee; and that the said Testator, by his laid Will, diT he did not actually measure with a Chain, was about 6 reded, that the Petitioner and his Sons, and the Heirs Chains. — And being asked, What Height of Water is to Male of their several Bodies, (liould take and use his be in the proposed Canal above the Mill Dam ? he said, the said Testator’s Surname of Smith, as a Surname i The Water in the proposed Canal will be Two Feet Five and that in the First or Second Session of Parliament Inches lower than it was in the Mill Dam when he saw next after the said Testator’s Decease, the Petitioner, or, it, the Water being at that Time one Inch and Six if he should die in the mean Time, then the next in Re-Tenths lower than the Sluice Walls of the Mill — And mainder, by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, should being asked, How he purposed to carry the Canal across apply for an Act of Parliament, to enable him and them Selby Mill Dam ? he said, He purposed to embank across to take and use the said Testator’s Surname of Smith» it, and to give a free Passage to the Mill Waters by and that the said William Smith is since deceased, and Tunnels of a sufficient Capacity. — And being.asked, If the Petitioner is now in Possession of the said Estates so the Tunnel is to be so made, that Vessels can pass devised to him for Life as aforesaid; and, in Compliance through it ? he said. He did not make that a Point of with the Intent of the said William Smith, expressed in View in designing it; that he does not fee how a Tun- his said Will, is desirous to take and use the Surname nel can be constructed to let a Boat pass; but he did of Smith: And therefore praying, That Leave may be not apprehend that would be any great Disadvantage, given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his for that the only Effect carrying the Canal over at the Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and Place proposed could have, would be, that, instead of use the Surname of pursuant to the said Will,

the Manure being put into the Boat below where the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Cut erodes, it must be put into it above; by which suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mf, the Manure will require to be carted, upon an Average, "Egerton and Mr. Booth Grey do prepare, and bring in, about Eleven Chains farther than it is at present; that the fame, the Canal might be joined to the River below Selby,

as well as over the Mill Dam, as he apprehended, A Petition of several of the Trustees named and ap- Henftall’* at the same Expence; but that the People of Selby pointed in or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty- Smithy, seemed to chufc it above the Town. Then, fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Mr. Gottbeing asked, How long a Boat would be the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and oat,* going from Leeds to Selby, or from Wakefield to Selby, " widening the Roads from Henfhalts. Smithy, upon when the proposed Improvements, and Cuts or Canals, " Cranage Green, through the d own of Nether -are made? he said, They always imagine the Rivers Air " ford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and

and Colder, to the Junction above Cafileford, to be of " low Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County

equal Lengths, so that the Length of the Navigation " Palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to with the Cuts, from Leeds to Selby, will be 29 Miles and " Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Chains; that Boats are generally haled, when without " Buck aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near North-Sails, Two Miles and a Half an Hour — admitting then " wichin the said County of was presented the Distance to be 30 Miles, according to the above to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Calculation, it would take 12 Hours; and the passing Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of 12 Locks, he computed at One Hour and an Half; but Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which, together that upon the River, when they have Sails up, the Boats with the T°ds> have been applied for the Purposes often run at the Rate of Miles an Hour; and that he thereby intended; but that the said Roads cannot be had known a Vessel pass from Leeds to Armine, which is effectually repaired, and kept in good Repair, and the 41 Miles, in 13 Hours. Money so borrowed, and now owing, be repaid, unless '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, " An therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in " Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by " Air and Colder, in the County of York-," for irn- the said Act, and making the same more effectual, in

proving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Wey- such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, land to the River Ouze-, and for making a Navigable and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the Canal from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, House shall seem meet.

to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And that Sir 'Thomas Frankland and Mr. Frankland do Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exprepare, and bring in, the fame. amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

An ingossed Bill to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Gray, fee.r Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine and Arms of Purnell, was read the Third Time. of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, be, An Act to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire,

and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname and Arms A Petition of th<^ Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint St. Saviour’* of Purnell. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, was (Sou hwaik)

Ordered, That Sir William Guifedo carry the Bill tq presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That Workhouft,

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Ruildf c'

Vql. 34. 6G ipg

.A.

480 2 2° Februarii. A. 1774.

ihga Workhouse; and regulating the Poor of the Parish 6f SaiktSaviour, Southwark, and for making a Carriage Way from Rotherhithe, and the Eastern Parts of Southwark, to the Road leading from Saint George's Fields to Jilack Friats Bridge-, and representing to the House, that, if the said Carriage Way should be made in the Manner proposed, the same will be very detrimental to the Pari ill of Saint George, by destroying the principal Inn within the {hid Parish, and' several other Houses, which will be a great Injury to the Inhabitants in general, and will greatly distress’, if not totally ruin, many industrious Families: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against lb much of the Application from the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, as relates to the opening a Carriage Way or Street from the said High Street, through the Greyhound but, and cross Redcross Street, through Queen Street and Duke Street to Gravel Lane, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition had been presented, for Power to enlarge the present Workhouse, or to build a new one, and to open and make a Carriage Way from the High Street through the Greyhound Inn, for Gravel Lane-, and that the Petitioners apprehend, the Inhabitants assembled in Vestry have fufhaent Power to make any Addition to the*present Workhouse, that'may be thought proper to be made; and that, if a Carriage Way is opened from the said High Street to Gravel Lane, the same will require a confideiable Sum of Money to defray the Expence, Which, the Petitioners apprehend', will be raised by a Rate or Assessment upon the Inhabitants of the ikid Parish; and can be of no real Advantage or. Utility to the Petitioners, or the Public: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves of Counsel, against any-Rate or Assessment being laid on the Petitioners, for defraying the Expence of making such new CarriageWay or Road aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and of several of the principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants, is referred.

KuUkrminster A Petition of Thomas jFb/ey, Esquire, Lordof the Manor lndofure. the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the County of fVorcester, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Kidderminster aforesaid, and also Impropriator of the Great Tithes of Part of the said Parish, John Soley, Esquire, John '"/leythe Younger, Esquire, John Crane, and White, Gentlemen, Impropriators of the Great Tithes of oilier Parts of the said Parish of Kidderminster, the Reverend Robert Job Charlton, Doctor of Laws, Vicar of the Parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, wae presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the' laid Manor, several Open Fields, called The Upper and Lower WitchillRocnm, The Long Coppice, The, Tew Tree Coppice, The Shread Coppice, The Crofts, and The Sling, and also several Commons and Waste Lands, called The Black Brook Common, Ferity Bank, Olding-ton Common, Kidderminster Common, Kidderminster Upper Heath, and Lower Heath, and Part of a Common or Waste, called Burlish, which lie open and uninclosed, and contain, hv Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and of'p'ublic Utility: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fordividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said several Open Fields, called The Upper and Lower Witchills, Rocum, The Long Coppice, The Tew Tree Coppice, The Shread Coppice, The Crofts, and The Sling, and also the said several Commons and Waste Lands, called The Black Brook , Ferny

Bank, (Aldington Common, Kidderminster Common, Kidder-Yrtinfer Upper Heath, and Lower Heath, and the Part of the Common or Waste called Burlish, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of -minster, in the County of Worcester aforesaid, unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of tie said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdefivell and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- West Real cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing lndofure. certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wef Real, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mutiny to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (America.) upon the Bill for further continuing Tw^ Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His M > elty’s Ileign, forpuniflring Mutiny and Desertion, aiv. or the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Free Porti to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (Jamaica.) to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in " tire Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more " free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods " and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties, to " defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; forascertaining the " Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods " from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom;

" and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported " from the said Island into any other British Colony;

" and for allowing Timber and Wood to be exported " from the said Island of Dominica into any other of " the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in America, for a limited Time," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Island of Jamaica, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

14 Geo. III. $2° Februar 481.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a fteibiution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ca’1 of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of House. the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and alterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Forty-four thousand One hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1774.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Warmingron A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are lndosure. thereunto subscribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Warming!on, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. and Mr. Skipwith, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Comtttdn Failures* Common Meadows,* Lammas- Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk-,

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of William Esquire (which

was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of this Inllant February) and also, the Petition of William Tooke, Esquire, a Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Xpttington, in the County of Norfolk, in Behalf, of himself and several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish of Xottington (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of this Inllant February) and also, the Petition of John Griffiths, Clerk, Batchelor of Arts, were read.

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Bacon, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher Norton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and of several of the principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road " from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of ingdon, through War boys. Old Hurffi, Saint Ives, Hilton, " Eltijley, Warejley, Gamlingay, and to a House

" called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several " Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and ," is

committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inha* bitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed, is referred, have Power to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ne«found- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-ur,d Fitheiy. |ng} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Difcuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

Tottingujn The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-inclosure. eond Reading of the Bill for dividing and incloiipg the Vo1. 34.

♦ '

Voices: St. Saviour* Workhouse.

Voices: Bjry,&c< Road*

Turnpike

Roads.

48 a

a 3 'Februarii. A. 1774.

Mercurii, 23* die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii III"' Regis, 1774.

Oswaldtwifle

inclosure.

Wctherby

10

Graflington

Roid.

Ratcliffe

upon

Wreak

fnclosure.

tardiff

Streets.

North

Shields

Road.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Parties interested in the Common herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Oswaldtwijle, and Parish of JVhalley, in the County Palatine of Lancasterlarge Commons, or Tracts of Waste Grounds, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, customary Measure, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might be greatly improved, if the same was inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments amongst the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lifter and Mr. Drake, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendifti reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the high ltoad from IVit her by to Grassington, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Borough of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan-, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Milles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

APetition of the Trustees named and appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the " Town of Newcastle upon T," was prefenced to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That, in order to complete the said Road, the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon interest, on the Credit of

the Tolls granted by the said Act, Part of which hath been paid off, and the Sum of ^.1,600, the Remainder thereof, is now due, and which the Tolls collected have not been sufficient to pay off; and that the said Act will expire in or about the Year 1775, after which the Trustees will be no longer enabled to collect any further Tolls, for the Purpose of paying off the said Sum of £.1,600, and keeping the said Road in good Repair, unless some further Provision be made for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tc bring in a Bill for the further continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers in the said Act, and for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Blackett, Sir Blackett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Town of Ayr, and the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the 1’olls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing and amending the said Roads; but that the same cannot be completed and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged and made more effectual; and that the Road leading from Stewartowt to Beith, by The Old Hall Bridge, over the Water of Lugton;the Road from till it joins the

Road from Ayr to Kilmarnock, at Riccartom; the Road from Coyltownto Galfton, by Gadgirth Bridge, and

boltown, till where it joins the Road from Kilmarnock to Cumnock, near Lawers Bridge; the Road from Coyltown, by St. Evox, to Munchoun; the Road from to

Millburn, to Craigie Castle-, the Road from uchliue, by

the Old Bridge of Barjkimming, till it joins the Road at Drongan; the Road from Muncktoun to Tar bolt oun; tire Road from Kilmarnock, by Old Roomford, through Duk-donald, till it joins the Road from Ayr to Irvine, near The Loans-, the Road from Kil'maters, by Corse Bridge and Old Roomford, through Symington, till it joins the Road between Ayr and Kilmarnock; the Road from Kilmaurs, till it joins the Road from Irvine to town, near Cuninghamhead; the Road from to

Riccartoun; the Road from to

as also the Road from Old Cumnock, by Muir kirk, to the Confines of the County towards Douglas; as also the Road from Ayr to Dalmellington, and the Road from Dalmellington to Nezv Cumnock; and also the Road from Ayr, by Maybole, to Girvane, which Road divides, at The Redbrae, near Maybole, into Two Branches, one of which goes by Kirkofwald, and the other by Bridge and Daily; as also the Road which departs near Muirfton, from that Branch of the Road immediately above described, as leading by the Garpine Bridge and Daily, to Girvane, and leadeth by to

the Village of Barr; as also the Road from by the New Bridge of Doon, at along the Coast

to Cullean, and from thence till it joins the Road from Kirkofwald to Girvane, above;

and also the Road from Girvane to the Confines of the County beyond Glenap, leading to Stranraer, which Road con fills of Two Branches, one of them going by Bailoutrae, and the other by Colnmel; as also the Road from the Garpine Bridge, by the , to

th*

Ayr

koius.

Tctncy

ladofure.

14 Geo. IIL 230 FebfuafiL

the Confines of the County leading towards Wigton; as also the Road from The Ballock by the Barr, till it joins the Road from Girvane, by Colmonel, to the Confines of the County towards Stranraer; as also the Road from Old Daily by Penkill, till it joins that Branch of the Road from Girvane to the Confines of the County, by

Colmonel-, as also the Road from Maybole to Girvane, by Drumelland, Dalquharran, and; as also the

Road leading from Ladyburn, by to

join the Road from Maybole to Girvane, immediately herein before described, near; as also the

Road from Maybole to Dalrymple Bridge, and from thence to Kirkmickael; as also the Road from Dalrymple Bridge, till it joins the Line of Road from Ayr to Cumnock, near Coyltov.n; as also the Road leading from the said Bridge, by Carcloivie and Doonholm, to the Town of Ayr; as also the Road from Maybole to Straitoun, by Kirkmickael; as also the Road from Crofshi/l to Straitoun; as all'o the Road from Crofshill by Kirkmickael Bridge, till it joins the Road from Maybole to Straitoun, and also the Road from Straitoun to as well as

several other Roads in the said County, are in many Parts very incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; and that a reasonable Composition -in Money, in Place of Labour, is more uses'ul and effectual for the Purpose of repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable by Law in Statute Services, than their being called out, and obliged to perform the adhial Labour required by the Laws in Force relative to Highways; but which Composition in Money cannot be assessed, levied, or collected, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-ftridiions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kennedy, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Rickard F.arl of Scarborough, Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Tithes within the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tithes within the same Parish, w7as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds, and other Property of the Proprietors, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, within the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed in l'mall Parcels; and the fame, and also the Free Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, and to the Public, if Powers were given to imbank the said Commonable and Waste Lands, and other Parts of the said Parish, and to drain, divide, and indole, all the Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, Free Conmons, and Waste Lands and Grounds therein; and to make Satisfaction for the Tithes of the said Parish at large: And therefore praying, That 1 _,eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Bertie, Sir

Brownlow Cufi,&c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

Vol. 34.

row Morning; it Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of ISifc Michaelle Fleming, of Rydal, in the Broughton County of Westmoreland, Baronet, and EJlher Sawrey, lQclosure* of Broughton Tower, in the County Palatine of,

Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Township of Broughton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called The Fells, and by divers other Names, and also divers large Parcels of Moss Grounds, which are estimated to confifc of 3,000 Acres and upward?, which at present afford little or no Advantage, but are capable of great Improvement, and the same would, if divided and inclosed l'o that they might be converted into Tillage, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein; and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the Commons or Waste Grounds; and Moss Grounds, within the Manor and the Township of Broughton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George ll'arren and Sir James Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Sleaford Merchants, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabi- Canal, tants in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Navigation, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made, from a Stream, or River, running from the East Side of Sleaford Castle Causeway, in the Parish of New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, by a Canal, or Cut, from thence, through the Parishes of Honington and Barkston, in the said County, and from thence to or near the Town of Grantham, in the same County, which will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and other Inhabitants of the said County, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigation from the said Stream, or River, running from the East Side of Sleaford Cafle Causeway aforesaid, by a Canal, or Cut, from thence, to and through the Parishes of Honington and Barkfmi aforesaid; and for continuing the said Navigation from thence, to or near the said Town of Grantham, in the same County; and also for the making Drains, or Cuts, from such Springs, Becks, and Streams, into the said Canal, as may be found necessary, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matter and Governors of the Hof- f’otterhani pital of Jesus Christ, in the City of Lincoln, Lords of the Manor of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln,

Peregrine HarriJ'on Curtois, Clerk, Re<stor of the Parish and Parish Church of Potterhanworth aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are theretinto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands and other Properties within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, containing together, by Kftimation, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the different Properties in the said Fields lie intermixed, and are inconveniently situated j and it would be beneficial to all Persons interested, if the lame, as also the said Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may

6 H be

4^4

230 Februarii

A, 1774.

be given to bring in z Bill for dividing and inclosing ford, and the humble Petition of other Persons whose NewtWpe

.3. „ ? n n 0 ivr________-.1_________r..t_r__:i_1 (Grealkyi

the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures; Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the said Pari Ih of P otterhanworth.

Ordered, That Leave be given Co bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid that Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Scrop and Lord Brownlow Bertie,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

U'alpole Mr. De Grey reported frdm the- Committee,- to whom Salt Marsh the Petition of James Tozvnfend,- Esqvtire, Lord of the Embanking. several Manors of Walpble, formerly and West

Walton, on the Part of Walpole, in the Town ship of Walpole, other wile Walpo in the County of Robert Cony, of North in the said County,

Esquire, jofephScott, Henry Junior, John Th iff let on, and John T-the Younger, all of IValpote aforesaid, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owrters of CommonabltiMef-

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within, the Liberty or Hamlet of Nezvthorpe, in the Parish of Greajley, in the County of Nottingham, Two several Pieces of Common, or, Waste Ground, one of them known by the Name of Nezv Thorpe Great Common, and the other by the Name of Regerley Common, containing together about 350 Acres; and which, in their present Situation;, arc not capable of any Improvement and that the Petitioners and others interested are desirous that the said Commons of Waste Grounds, should be divided.and inclosed; and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and —

inclosing the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in luck Manner as to the House shall fecni meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill^ pursuant to the Prayer of the said. Petition: Arid that

Sutton

Bonnington

Inclefure.

fuages in the Township of Walpole aforesaid, on Be- Mr. Medley, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring half of fheml’elves; and the other Owners of Common- in, the tiime.

able Messuages there, Was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition ? and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s ’I able: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Wood, being examined, said, Thar there is, within the said Manors and Totvnibip, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called The Salt Marsh, containing 2,000 Acres or thereabouts.

That James Tozvtfend, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manors, and Owner of the Soil of the said Common or Waste Ground.

That the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages in Walpole are intitled to Right of Common upon the said Waste C round, but receive little Benefit therefrom, as the fame, or the greatest Part thereof* is often overflowed by the Tide, and thereby rendered of small Value.

That the said Common is generally overflowed by Spring Tides, and Cattle feeding thereon are frequently drowned; and the Witness apprehends, if the Tides were kept out, the Land would be of above twice the Value that it is at present.

That the Proprietors of Mdfuages intitled to Right of Common on the said Waste Grounds-, are desirous that the same should be embanked, inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, which would not only greatly improve the Soil thereof, and secure the Cattle feeding thereon, but also be a Defence for the rest of the said Township, against high and violent Tides; and likewise be of public Utility; and the Witness apprehends that a Bank sufficient for the above Purposes may be made and supported by a moderate Tax upon the Proprietors.

Mr. Thomas Watts confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common; or Waste Ground, called The Salt Marft,

A Petition of Robert Hotchkin, Henry John Leftcjfcr,

Cooke, Esquires, Henry Robinson, Clerk, William For- R&c’ fit, John Rellars, William Forfitt, and others, Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to anti " by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the " County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County " of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in

" the said County of Northampton;" for surveying, or-

dering, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the'

District of the said Road from the said Borough or Town; of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of

Uppingham, to the said Town of in the said

County of Northampton, as far as the Well Side of the North Road leading from Wansford Bridge to *

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented-to; the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said District of the said Road; and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and npw remains due; and the Petitioners apprehend, the same cannot be repaid, and the said District of the said Road’completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act (lo far as, relates to the said District) be -

enlarged; and that the Road from the said Road at the West End of the Town of Uppingham, through Uppingham, to th.c Toll Gate upon the said Road, at the East End of the said Town, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Courl'e of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh of his late Majesty, including the said Road through the.

Town of Uppingham, and, for repairing and widening the new and additional Road abovementioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a; Committee: And that they do-examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it;

within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Nor- shall appear to them* to the House:

r n .1 _ *«._ r\ 1 o- r;_________________________ 1 Am... A VI-

folk i And that Mr. De Grey and Sir Edward Aftley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint otherwise Sutton Bonnington, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

a Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secotid Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Starn-

And it is referred to Mr. George Bridges,

Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are. to meet To-morrow-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,.' and Records. t

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Theodore George. Gleichman’* Gleichman was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Theodore George G/eiJt-.:

man.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

A, Bill

14 Ge6. III. 230 Februarii. 485.

Baumgartner’s A Bill for naturalizing Jacob , was

Nal* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Plymouth Mr. Graves reported from the Committee, to whom Paving. the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

fclanchester, A Bill for enlarging the Term dnd Power’s of an Act; &c- made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty,

Road. for repairing anJ widening the Roads from the Town of

Manchejh:r,to the Town of and trom a Place

called The White Smithy, in the Township of to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called BeJJes of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of L'ancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Shecpfoot Lane, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Lascelles', &cl: And they arc tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tumpikfe Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex, were referred; and who were inllrufted to consider of an Act, made in the lall Session of Pallia^ ment, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes;" and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he jead the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read:

And the Clause for regulating the Contlruftion of the Width of the Wheels of Carriages liable to be weighed by the said Act, travelling on Turnpike Roads above Twenty Miles from London or Westminster, was also read: And,

A Member present said, That the Fast, as Rated in the said Petition, was l'elf-evident; and he apprehended the said Clause would be attended with Inconvenience, if not repealed. Then,

Your Committee came to the following Resolutions;

.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clause in an Act, passed lall. Session ol Par-. Vol. 34,

liament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and rej " duce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " thal Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes," for regulating the Construction of the Width of the Wheels of Carriages, and Length of Carriages, liable to be weighed by the said Act, travelling on Turnpike Roads, above Twenty Miles from London or Westminster, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That all Persons having offended or been guilty, of any Omission touching the Execution of the said Clause, be indemnified.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. PenYuddock, Mr. Goddard, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1. Mr. Willo'ugliby presented to the House, according to Hockerton,

Order', a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, *<=. near the Towns of Hockerton, , Southwell, lnc^ofure‘

Normanton, and W ink bourne, in the County of Notting-

ham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I *

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk Mercers of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at- Company, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London, from the ioth of October 177a " to the ioth of October 1773, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament by Two Acts, One of " the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief " of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty " of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London

?* and the other of the 4th Year of the Reign of HiS " present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors " of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of " Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition oiPeniston Lord Dfelbot&ne, in the King- wilsford dom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Wilsford, other- Inclosure. wife' Willesford, in the County of Lincoln, and of Thomas Marsham, Clerk, Keftor of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, aforesaid, in Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish,' several old Inclol'ures, or Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and also divers Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of great Improvement; and that, if the feme were divided and inclosed, and several of the old Inclosures allotted and exchanged, it would very much tend to tire Improvement of the Estates of -the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Commonable Lands, $tnd Waste Grounds,-in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem just;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hawkex

486 Februarii. A. 1774.

Hawke, and Sir Sharks, Whitworth, do prepare,.and. bring in, the fame.

Gum OrderedrThzt the Order of the Day, for the Second-Senega. Reading of the Bill for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties " upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, <l or exported from, Great; and for confining

" the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great *' Britain only," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a- Commitfefe of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wunny. Sir Charhs Whitworth, according to Order, reported

(America.) from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion*and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America', was committed, the Amend-' ment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and Which they had- directed1 him' to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Plice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the ' Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice

read; and, - upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Free Ports. Sir Charles Whitworth-, according to Order, reported (Jamaica.) from the Committee of the whole House, to whom- it-was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 1.3th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,. An Act for " opening and establishing certain Ports in the Blands u of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free I-mportation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain. Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports j for ascertaining the Duties to be " paid upon the Importation- of Goods from the said " Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon- Goods imported from the " laid Island into- any other Colony j. and for

" allowing Timber and Wood to be exported, from- the said Island of Dominica, into any other of the " British Blands, Colonies, or Plantations, ia,

" for a limited Tirfie," as relates to the Free Ports established in the Bland of Jamaica, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read ia his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was' read; and is as followeth , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Continuance of the Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica, for a further Time, to be limited, will be highly beneficial to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the 6th and 13th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

2

as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Bland of Jamaica: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Brickdale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ca- Leeds nal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was preferred ®e5by to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitionces are informed, Application is intended to be made, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, to communicate with the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, and from the said Leeds and Liverpool Canai, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, such Navigable Cut, or Canal, will make the Leeds And Liverpool Canal Navigation more generally useful, and will also be very advantageous to the Trade and Manufactories carried on in the interior Parts of the Country between-the said Two Ports, and will be of great general Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that the same may pass'into a Law, subject to such Limitations and Restrictione as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said. Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of Iholbctk, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York, be read a Second Time-

A Message from- the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act RapHlardV for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abraham Dela- See. pierre; without any Amendment: And also, ^at.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saumabe’s for naturalizing Louis de Saumaize; without aay Amend- Nat. ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew-

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Prisoners, Order, a Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with and Gwb-Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement: And the same was received}. and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That tl^e Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning, next-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NewfoandW to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Exportation of a certain ' 1CUI. c~' Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the-Benefit of the British Fishery there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are Berertcy thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act Road, of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry " at Hefsic, and from the Malton Guide Post, to the " Gravel Fit at Cottingham, in the County of and of the several other Persons whose Names are there-under written, in Behalf of themselves and others refid* ing near,' or frequently travelling, the Roads thereiiv-

ifter

Nk

14 Geo. III. £3 Febfuaf487

r

after mentioned, was pretexted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which have been laid out in the Repairs of the said Road; and for other the Purposes of the said Act, and now remain unpaid; and that the Toils granted by the said Act being fixed at low Rates, the said Road cannot be sufficiently repaired; widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the said Tolls be encreased and enlarged; and that the Road from a Part of the said Road by the said Act directed to be repaired, at or near the Town of Kirk Etta, and from thence through the Town and Township of West Ella, in the County of the Town of

> Kingston upon Hull, and from thence to and Rip-

lingham, and through the Town and Township of North Cave, to the West End of a Lane called Hoxvden Road, adjq'lning on a certain Common called Walling fen, leading towards the Market Town of Hovoden, is in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places narrow, and frequently very difficult and dangerous, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; and - . also for the several other Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Pemyman, Sir Henry Hoghtmi, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gray’* Inn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second EXlchiaT°* Reading of the Bill for declaring the Society of Gray’s Inn, and their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of not

to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the' House being informed that no Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time j

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Six Months," and inferring the Word " Sevennight" instead thereof.

1 And the Question being put,' That the Words " Six " Months" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

ers for«heY^S^.M.|S3.

Tellers for the Noes, j 50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Refelved, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

A Petition of the Right honourable Isaac one

of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, the honourable Thomas Fit and David Roberts, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by H is Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives Vpf,. 34,*

His Cdnlent; as far as His Majesty’s fntcreft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit; and recommends the same to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought tip, and read; Fitzmaurice’s Setting forth, That Ulysses Fitzmauri, Esquire, late Eltiu*.

Lieutenant Governor of the 1 field of Saint Vincent, deceased, was, at the Time of his Decease, which happened in the island of Grenada, on or about the 21st Day of August 1772, seised, to him and his Heirs* of a

Coffee Plantation and Estate, called situate in

the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the Island of Dominica, containing Four hundred Acres* or thereabouts, partly Wood Land, and partly planted with Coffee; and of divers Negro and other Slaves; and a small Leasehold Estate, in the County of Kerry, in the Kingdom of Ireland j and was also possessed of d Personal Estate, which (including the Value of the said Slaves) hath been estimated at £.3,456. 8j. lid. Sterling; or thereabouts, but will not; as it is apprehended, produce, near that Sum; and that the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice was’ the.aa- . tural or reputed Son of the late Right honourable Ham Fitzmaurice, Earl of Kerry in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and left several poor Relations on his Mother’s Side, and a Brother of the Half Blood, the natural or reputed Son also of the said Earl of Kerry, for all or several of whom he intended to have made some Provision, particularly ior-Aboan Fitzmquriie, and also for James, Robert, and John, Fitzmaurice, haying given Instructions for a Will, whereby Legacies were intended them of £. 500. Sterling each, but died before the same was proceeded in so far as to give Effect to his said Intention; and that the said Fitzmaurice

dying a Batchelor, and without Heirs, the said Qoffee Plantation, and all other his Real Estates, upon his Death, efchcated, and his Personal Estate devolved, to His Majestyj 'and that Letters of Administration, of all and Angular the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, at the Time of his Death, have lately been granted by the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, unto the Petitioners (one of whom, the said David Roberts, is a Creditor of the said Deceased) for the l)fe and Benefit of His Majesty; and the Petitioners have given Security for duly administering the Estate and Effects of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, and for paying, for His Majesty’s Dfe, the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of the clear Produce and Surplus of the said Estate and Effects (after Payment of the several Debts affecting such Personal Estate, and the Expences attending the Administration) and that it is apprehended, the Whole of the Personal Estate and Effects of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice will be exhausted in Payment of his just Debts and Funeral Expences; and that the same will not be near sufficient for that Purpose; whereby his Creditors may be prevented from receiving their full Debts; and his poor Relations on his Mother’s Side, and also the said Aboan, James, Robert, and John, maurice, will not receive any Benefit from his Estate and Effects, as was the Intention of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice, in case he had lived to have carried the same into Execution, unless the said Plantation and Estate were to be sold, and the Money arising by the Sale thereof applied for those Purposes, which cannot well be done without the Ajd and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may tye given to bring in a j Bill, to vest the said Plantation and Estate of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in Payment, of such of his Debts as his Personal Estate fit all prove deficient to pay, and to pay and distribute the Surplus thereof, and also the Surplus of his Personal Estate (if any shall remain after Payment of his just Debts) unto ' and among the said Aboan Fitzsnaurice, James Fitmaurice, Robert Fitzmaurice, and John Fitzmaurice, and his other poor Relations on his Mother’s Side.

6 I

488 23*: — 24° Eebruarii. A 1774*

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

T

that the Committee had gohe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Quei-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Jovis, 240 die;

Anno 14* Georgii 1II'" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Waddefdoa TV ^R. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Inclosure. i.VJL Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddefdon, in the County of Bucks: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hilton A Petition of several of the Freeholders of the Town-Indofure. Gf miton, in the County of Derby, Proprietors of certain. Commons or Waste Grounds, and of several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, in Hilton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, two Commons, or Waste Grounds, commonly called or known by the Names of Hilton Common and Hilton Green, containing, by Estimation, 600 AcreSj or thereabouts, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts j which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, and that if the same were divided and inclosed, it would considerably improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Grounds, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Skipwith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aftieton’s Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Name. Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Asheton, Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of ,pursuant to the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ibstock Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the gj|[ for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except three Persons, who are possessed of Two Yard Lands and Two Acres, one of whom could not be found, another is a Minor, and the other refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land in-' tended to be inclosed consists of 13 Acres and 39 Yard Lands and } of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Wetherby an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Ma- to jesty, for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Graftington, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Graftington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, sooth Level to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Drainages, in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining certain Fen " Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level,

" Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge,

M between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and " the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Sw Bulbeck, and c< Swaftham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens,

" commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen " Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commo ly " called Invested Lands ft and of several other Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followethi viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Poulter, being examined, said, That the Sum of £.3890 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Taxes charged by the said Act, which has been laid out pursuant to the Directions thereof, and still remains due, together with £. 400 Simple Contraft Debts.

Mr. Canfortk Manning, Overseer of the Works, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Tolls granted by the said Act have been found very inadequate to the Expences necessary for the Support of the Works of the Navigation j and that £ 500 is immediately required to be laid out upon Rich Load Bank, £. 300 or

£, 400 upon Swaftham Bank, and 100 upon the River Grant, and that scarce any of the Turf Lands have been improved. And,

Charles Allix, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That the Act is defective in many Respects, particularly with respect to the collecting the Taxes; to the compelling the Owners to clear out their Ditches; to the Insufficiency of the Power to collect the Tolls on the Navigation and to the Power of taking Earth to amend the Banks.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign,

f4 Ge6* III. I40 Pebru 489

Reign, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens

commonly called Bedford and in the County of " Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham " Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the " Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefed Lands And that Sir Johh Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Mr. WyId-

bore, and the Lord Guernsey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Don to A Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according

loclosure. to Order, a Bill for enabling the Right honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks, and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ihddington Mr- George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Com-Inclosure. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, within the Parish of Duddington, in the County of , was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the' Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 109 Acres, who lives in Ireland, and was applied to by Letter, but r^fused to consent to the Bill, because he thought it would promote Monopolies; and that the Fields intended to be inclosed contain in the Whole 800 Acres) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hop A Petition of several Hop Merchants, Exporters, Dealers, Factors, Brewers, and others. Dealers in, and Consumers *c* of Hops, within the Cities of London and

and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Ninth of Queen Anne, an Allowance of One Tenth, or 10 Pounds in every 100 Pounds Weight, is directed to be paid to the Hop Planter, as a Tare for the Package or Bag; notwithstanding which, the Planter never makes any Allowance to the Buyer or Consumer of Hops for Tare; and that, since Hops have encreased in their Value, it has become a common Practice amongst the Planters, to pack their Hops in very heavy coarse Bagging, weighing from 20 to above 40 Pounds each Bag, for which Bagging the Buyer pays the same Price as he does for the Hops contained therein; and that the Petitioners have, for many Years past, endeavoured to remedy this Evil, in which they have had the Countenance of several Hop Planter’s, but their Endeavours have proved ineffectual; and, as the Price of Hops en-creases, the Grievance becomes the greater: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall be thought just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie lipoh the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Two Acts, PlymoatK tnade in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present "a'‘n8>ltC Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of PlymoiAh,in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to expfem and amend Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Toum of Plymouth, in the County of Devon-, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Tow'h.

Ordered, That Mr. Graves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dfefire their Concurrence;

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tewkefoury, thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed in and by an R&

Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty- (jdD°^3> ninth Year of the Reign of hiS late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury,

" to Cote comb Gate, and from IfabeP s Elm to the Top " of Gbtherington Hill, in the county of ; and

*c from Tewkesbury to a Farm House called the Old " Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of " Ripple, and to Simmonds Pord Brook, and from Breedon " to Eckington Bridge, in the county of ,

4t and from Tezoke/bury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the " Road opposite to Elfione Church, and from the Market " House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from " Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pewfdon Ash,

" in the said County of Gloucester," so far as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Act, for the said District, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls made payable within the same, which now remains unpaid; and great Sums of Money have been expended in amending the Roads within the said District; but the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as they relate to the Roads within the said Second District, are enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road opposite to Elfione Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, at or near a Place called Comb End Beeches, is very ruinous and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being 1 And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and ‘Powers of 1q much of the said Act, as relates to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend and repair the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road opposite to Elfione Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, at or near a Place called Comb End Beeches,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, Mr. South* well, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- Chelften cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the I«clofuro. Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the ParUh of Chelfio/i, otherw'ife Chtlvefton cum

Caldecott,

49°

240 Febru

A. 1774.

Caldecott^ in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Croprsdy Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac-Inclosure. wording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, PastureSj and Waste Grounds, called Crbpredy Field and Act , within the Parish of

Cropredy, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Staunton Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Staunton, in the county of ,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands of the Value of j£.x6. 7 s. 6d.a Year; and that the Total Annual Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed is 453. 9 3

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haj0 directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Kinghorn A Petition of Robert Hamilton, Esquire, Provost, and Ale and Beer others the Magistrates and Town Counsellors, of the ®uty* Borough of Kinghorn, in North Britain, was presented to

the House, ana read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, ot One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was laid Upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which should be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Liberties thereof, over and above the Duty of Excise paid or payable thereon; and which was to have Continuance from the ift Day of June 1749, during the Term of 31 Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted cannot be completed within the Term granted by the said Act; and that a Prolongation of the said Act would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Borough of Kinghorn, and to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the ibove Purposes, under such RestriChons and Regulations as shall be deemed reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred'to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mi\ Lord Frederick

Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bude, tec.A Petition of John Edyvean, Gentleman, for and on

Canal. the Behalf of Sir John Baronet, John

Francis Rodd, John Call, Christopher , Philip Vy-vyan, John Eliot Wrey, J’ans Frederick, Thomas Wentworth, Corydott Carpenter, and Richard Wymond, Esquires, David Horn clou,. John Kerfwell, Henry Laurence, Stanly Lucas, William Webb, Nicholas , John Webb, John

Anthony Roe, Henry Hojkyn, and Walter Oke, Gentlemen, 6

and tire Reverend William Carpenter, Doctor in Divinity, John Kingdom, Samuel Cory, John Bedford, Charles Bedford, Thomas Derijley, and John Rice, Clerks, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Parish of’

Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the Navigable Part of the River Tamer, in the Parish of in

the same County, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, will open a short, easy, and commodious, Communication between the said Port of Bude, and the Port of Plymouth, and the several Towns of Stratton, Launcefon, Callington, and the several Parishes, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, through or near which the said Cut, ot Canal, is intended to be made, and the interior Parts of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Timber,

Stone, Sand, Lime, Manure, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from those Places, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactories carried on between or near the said Ports or Places, and will essentially tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, Relief of the Poor, and the Preservation of the Public Roads, and also be of great public Utility; and that the several Persons above named, and others, are desirous, at their own Expence, to begin, carry on, and complete, the said Navigable Cut, or Canal: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for obtaining and perfecting the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Sir John,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, Hereford Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the City of Streets,&c. Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pavement of the Streets and Lanes within the said City and Suburbs is in a very ruinous State, and the Repair thereof at present lying upon different Persons, the same is inconvenient, and in several Parts dangerous; and that the lighting the said Streets and Lanes, and removing Nuisances, and cleansing the fame, would be of general Benefit to all Persons residing in, or passing through, the said City i and that J-

the Inhabitants of the said City are burthened with a nu* merous Poor, and the ufoal Fund for repairing the Public Streets and causeway6 within the said City arises from a Common jointly eqjoyed by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the said City, and the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Parish of , in the County of Hereford-, and there are other Waste Grounds,

lying within the Liberties of the said City, which are, in their present State, of little Value; the Inclosure of which Common and Waste Grounds would create a Fund l'ufficient for the several Purposes aforesaid, with the Aid of Two Assessments yearly on the Occupiers of Houses, Buildings, and Gardens, within the said City and Suburbs; and that there is a considerable Sum of Money now inverted in Trustees, for setting the poor People of the said City to Work, which, from various Circumstances now attending the Disposition thereof, does not at present answer the good Purposes intended thereby; and that there are many ruinous Buildings, which would be of great Use and Ornament to the said City, if re-built, and Power given of alienating the fame: And therefore praying such Relief in the Pre-

miles,

14 Geo. III. 24 0 Februarii.491

mises, as to the House shall fecra meet; and that a Bill may be brought in, and pass into an Act, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame^as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Symons, Mr. Foley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Foie (hill A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Xnclofore. thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Polefhill, in the County of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Estates of the Parties interested in the said Open and Common Fields, and other the Commonable Places, lie intermixed and dispersed in {mall Parcels, and remote from the Houses of the Proprietors, which hath been found to be very inconvenient and detrimental; and that it would be advantageous to the Perl'ons interested therein, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to the respective Rights of the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iq a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Guernsey and Mr. do prepare, and

bring, in, the fame.

Timberland A Petition of Thomas , Esquire, Lord of the Indofore. Manor of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln, John King, Esquire, John Clifton, and John Hammond, Gentlemen, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the Parish and Township of Timberland aforesaid, and of Francis plquire.

Impropriator of the Great Tithes arising, growing, and renewing, within the said Parish and Township of Limber land aforesaid, and also of the Reverend John Lan-easter, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Timberland aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several large Open and Common Fields, Fens, Meadows, Pastures, Common?, and Waste Grounds, containing together 1,73b Adres,* or thereabouts, in which the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any Improvement; and that the Petitioners apprehend, 0 it would be a great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were inclosed, and divided, amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights, interest, and Property: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Cecil and Mr. Amcoits, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spridlington A Petition of Johnson Gildart, Esquire, Patron of the Xnclofore. Redtory of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln, and of Chrifopher. Nevile, Esquire, in Behalf of themselves

and other Persons interested, was presented tq the House, and read; Setting forth, *That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Priinclosed Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, containing’together 2,400 Acres, or thereabouts, whichin their present Situation, are not capable of much Improvement; and that a Division apd hiclosure thereof would be of great Ad-Vox.. 34, !

vantage to all the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, in such Manner as to the lloufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Amcoits, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Sir Cecil Wray, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Henry Weeting Coote, Esquire, Earl of Mountrathin the Kingdom of ,nc*ofur* Ireland, Lord of the several Manors of Weeting Cocketts and Southall, in the County of Norfolk-, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Weeting, in the said County, and intitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors and Parish, several Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows,

Breeks, Heath, Common Plains, Warrens, Commons, and Wafts Lands, containing, by Estimation, 4,450 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are certain Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests, in and over the said Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows,

Breeks, Heaths, and Warrens, in which the Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; at)d that, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be advantageous to the Persons interested 5 And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fold Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley and Mr. De Grey do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parishes of Saint St- G',es Giles in the Fields, and Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the gj-J^ibury County of Middlesex, wholes Names arc thereunto sub-

feribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor within the said Pa-jrilhes are very numerous; and that the granting further and other Powers, for making and collectong the Rates for their Relief, and for the governing, employing, maintaining, and regulating them, will tend to theif more effectual Relief, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered,.That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Ptchell: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Marina for die Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while ^orxxu on Shore; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the ComnaUfiopejs the Customs, attended at the

6 K Poor;

A,-

49 2

34° — 25° Februarii.

.'1774.

Foreign

Linens

exported.

Door; he was called In; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Quantity of Foreign Linens exported from England, from 1771 to

Christmas 1772, converted into British Yards, with the Amount of the Duties drawn back.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Madhonfes. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating Madhouses: And that Mr. Thomas Jhend, Junior, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Ward, Mr. George Venables Vernon, and Mr. Hot ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Salted Bee£ Pork, &c.

Mutiny.

( America.)

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time, to be limited, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " the British Dominions in America, for a limited

TimeAnd that Mr. Brickdale and Sir William Meredith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Leed* Reading, of the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or and Setbjr Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, Canal* in the Township of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Sir John Goodricke, and Sir William Milner, Baronets, Richard Wilson, Thomas Sawer,

John Smyth, Thomas Wilson, and John Burton, Esquires, as well on the Behalf of themselves as of others the Undertakers and Proprietors of the Navigation of the tyi-- vers Air and Colder, in the County of York; and also,

the Petition of the Right honourable Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, and Sir William Low Baronet, Owners of Collieries and Lands, in Swillington, Kippax, and Alter-ton Bywater, and of Thomas Smith, Gentleman, William Fenton, and Thomas Fenton, Esquires, Tenants of the said Collieries; and also, the Petition of the several principal Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands, lying within the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and several other Parishes and Townships in the said County, against the said Bill; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, in favour of the said Bill; were also read.-And the Counsel against the Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through the Evidence in Support of the Petitions against the Bill.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Privilege. A Petition of Henry Sampson Woodfall, in Custody of (Hs.Woodfaii) t|ie Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having justly incurred the Displeasure of the House, by printing a Letter, highly, falsely, and unjustly, reflecting on the Character of the Speaker of this House, was summoned to attend on Monday Sevennight, the 14th of this Instant February, at the House; and that the Petitioner did readily obey that Summons, and did attend the House accordingly; and that the Petitioner having offended inadvertently, and through a very blameable Neglect of examining, as he ought to have done, the Contents of what he printed, which Kind of Neglect will in future use his utmost Endeavours to avoid, and having already incurred very heavy Expences, which, if longer continued, roust end in the Ruin of Jiitliself and a numerous and innocent Family, who must be Sufferers together with him: And therefore praying, that the Punishment he has already undergone, by Exigences, Confinement, and Interruption of his Business, may be taken into Consideration by the House; and that, though the Enormity of his Offence is confessedly great, i . yet, trusting to the well-known Mercy and Clemency of

’ the House, the Petitioner humbly hopes he may be

discharged from the further Effects of their Dilplea-fiure.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Henry Sampson Woodfall be now brought to the Bar of this House, to he discharged otit of

Veneris, 2 5* die Februarii;

Anno 14* Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

0

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Carnarvon, and Occupiers of the several Messuages, Tenements. Lands, and Premises, near and adjoining to the stone*.* Sea Shore, between the Orms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and the River at Voryd, which bounds the several Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That from the Orms Head to Voryd is about Twelve measured Miles along the Sea Coast, and the Freehold Lands in most Parts thereof are situate near High Water Mark, where the Tide flow? very rapidly, and for upwards of Three Miles the Banks are from 14 to 20 Yards perpendicular above High Water Mark, and the Soil at the Foot of the greatest Part thereof is of a Clay or Marly Nature, and in the rest of a soft Lome intermixed with Stones; and that, at the Foot of these Banks, along the Sea Shore, there were, not many Years ago, several hundred thousand Tons of Stones, some of which were Pebbles made use of in Paving, biit chiefly Lime., Stones, and several so large that no Power could remove them in

Bulk,

14 Geo. III. 250 Februarii 493

Bulk, which Stones prevented the Tides from waffling down the Banks; and that of late Years the lower Clals of People in the Neighourhood, with all the Labourers they could meet, after breaking the large Stones, they gathered them and the smaller Stones along the Sea Shore into different Heaps, and invited the Mailers of Flats and Vessels to carry them off, which those People fell to the Owners or Mailers of such Flats or Vessels, by which Means the Shore becomes very even, and the Tide flows higher, and with more Violence, and undermines and washes down the Banks of the Freehold, whereby the Land Owners have loll several Acres of Ground, worth from 155. to ^c)s. an Acre; and that Part of the Road near Penman Rhofe has been entirely washed away, and the same is changed to the other Side of the Hill, detached from the Sea, whereby all the Passengers going from Chester to Holyhead are obliged to climb up a lleep

Hill near Half a Mile about, before they get into the ancient Road; and that, in order to put a Stop to such Practices, several Actions have been brought in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at , and some

of the Defendants appeared, whereby several Causes were at Issue, and the Records brought down to the last Salop Assizes, when the Judge and Counsel were in Doubt as to the Legality of such Action, although the Proof of the Damage done to the Lands by carrying off the Stones was clear; and they recommended that the Plaintiffs in those Actions should wave the Colls, and accept of a Verdict, which they agreed to do, as the Defendants were very Poor, as well, as all the other People who gather Stones there; and that some of the - Stone Gatherers, against whom Actions were brought, did not appear to those Actions, and Attachments being sued out, they were arrested, and imprisoned, for want of entering an Appearance, and their Families became a Burthen to the Parishes; and that, at the last Great Sessions for the County of Denbigh, Six several Actions were brought against the Persons who gathered Stones since the Assizes at Salop, and none of them have appeared; yet they Hill continue doing the fame, to the great Detriment of the Land Owners, Clergy, and Inhabitants; and, unless some Method is taken to prevent this growing Evil, many hundred Acres of the bell Corn Land in North will be carried

away by the Sea; and it is much feared the greated Part of the High Road from Holyhead to Saint AJaph, bordering upon the Shore, will be all'o carried away; and that, by further prosecuting Actions at Law, the lower Oafs of People will be undoubtedly ruined, and large Sums of Money expended, without any certain Remedy to prevent the carrying away the Stones, and Loss of Land: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual preventing the carry ing away any more of the Stones which lie along the Sea Shore from the Orms Head to For yd aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, kc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hinckley A Petition of the Trullees,. whose' Names are there-Road*. unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made irt the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled',

" An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads " from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Ash

" Lane, through Old L, and from Szoannhigton; to " Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne Common, and from Ibjlock to Meajhaht, in the Counties1 of Vox., 34*

" Leicesterand Derby'* was presented to the H(.tife, and

read; Setting forth, That the Trullees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which Hill remain unpaid; and the Sums so borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but the Tolls granted by the said Act are fixed at lb low Rates, that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired* widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, the Tolls encrealed, and the Powers of the said Act varied and enlarged; and that the Road from the said Road from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, at or near a House in the Liberty of OJbafion, called House, along

Lonnt Lane, in that Liberty, and Lanes in the respective Liberties of Ne/fon and Barton in the Beans, to the Turnpike Road between Meafiam and Market,

at or near a House in the Liberty of Carlton, in the said County of Leicester, called House; and

also the Road from the said Road from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, in the Town of Salong Burton’s Lane, to the Coal Fields there; and also the Road from the said Road from Hoo Ash Lane to Melbourn Common, at the present Toll Gate in Old Lane, along Long Lane, in the Liberties of Ravenstone and,

through Pasture Lane, in the Liberty of Coleorton aforesaid, and through Aulton Lane, in the Liberty of de-la-Zouch, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of are

in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the several other and additional Roads above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer, ike.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ibstock thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land, and Persons Inclosure. interested in the Open Fields, Wades, and Commonable Places, of Hucklefcote and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of Ibjlock, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested in the said Fields, Wades, and Commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That it would be very advantageous to all Persons intereded in the said Fields, Waites, and Commonable Places, if the same were divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted to all Persons intereded:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Wades, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Hot ham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the most Noble Henry Duke of Buc- Ayr cleugh, and the most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, in Behalf of themselves and the other Copartners of the Banking Company, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners

and

494 a5° Februarii. 1774.

and others did, 101769, enter into a Partnership, and subscribed a Capital or Stock of £.160,000 for carrying on the Business of Banking, in that Part of Great Britain cajled Scotland, chiefly with a View of promoting Manufactures and Agriculture in that Part of the Kingdom, by accommodating Farmers and Manufacturers with Money, and extending their Credit; and that, by too great an Enlargement of the Credit given to Farmers, Manufacturers, and others, the Partnership, in 1772, came to be in great Want of Money to satisfy the Demands made upon them, owing to the Check given to Credit by the many Bankruptcies which happened at that Time in different Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Partnership, in order to raise Money to satisfy the Demands upon them, and thereby prevent the Bankruptcy of many, which their flopping Payment would necessarily have produced, did raile, upon Annuities of One and Two Lives, the Sum of £. 450,000, and upwards, with a Power, by a verbal Agreement, to the Partnership, of redeeming the Annuities, by repaying the Price, and One Half Year’s Annuity more, in the Way of Premium; and that the Partnership, in order to extricate their Affairs, and to enable them to redeem the Annuities, did, in the Month of 1773, in a

general Meeting of the Partners, resolve to discontinue for the future the Banking Business, and, at that and a subsequent Meeting, did nominate and appoint a Committee of the Partners of the Partnership, to be a Committee for managing and transaCling all Business necessary for winding up the Affairs of the Partnership; and that the said Committee, after much Consideration of the most proper and effectual Method of redeeming the Annuities, and finding it was impossible to raise immediately any considerable Sum for that Purpose out of the Funds of the Partnership, without bringing great Distress upon their Debtors, and hurting the Credit of that Part of the Kingdom, where their Debtors chiefly reside, did, upon the 9th of February current, call a Meeting of the Annuitants, by Advertisement in the Public Newspapers, and delivered them the following Proposals in Writing: That his Grace the Duke of Buccleugh, the Duke of Queensberry, Archibald Douglas, Esquire, and others, being the present Committee chosen and appointed by a general Meeting of the Proprietors at Edinburgh, to manage the Affairs of the said Messrs. Douglas, Heron, and Co. do execute Bonds of £. 50 each, some few broken Sums excepted, to the Amount of the original Sums paid for the said Annuities, with the Addition of Half a Year’s Purchase, or £. 50 more, on every Annuity of £. 100. and pro rata for every greater or leller Annuities; the said Committee binding themselves, and their Heirs and Executors, and having a Power to bind all the Partners of the Company, and their Heirs and Executors, to the due Performance of the Obligations in the said Bonds; and that the said Bonds of£. 50 each, carrying an Interest of£. 5 per Hundred, be made payable to a Person named, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Indorsement, and rendered to all Intents and Purposes negotiable and vendable, like East India Bonds, Navy and Exchequer Bills, or any Effects of a similar Nature; and that, as the Principal of the said Bonds, the Premium of Redemption included, is estimated nearly at £. 480,000 and the Interest at £.5 per Cent, thereon at £. 24,000 Annum, it is further proposed. That specific Estates, in Land unentailed, in Scotland, to the clear Amount in Rent of £. 32,000 per Annum, or upwards, be fub-jected, by Mortgage, as a corroborative Security for the Discharge of the Principal and Interest of the said Bonds; that is to say; of the Interest every Half Year m don, and of the Principal by Four Instalments; videlicet; One fourth Part, as nearly as the whole may be conveniently divided, at Midsummer 1778, One fourth Part; at Midsummer 1779, One fourth Part at mea 1780, and the lait, whether foipdhing more or lel$ than a Fourth Part, at Midfum,1782 ;.and that the ,. 9

Care of investigating the Titles and Valdes of the said Estates in Lands, and of executing the Securities in due Form, be left to the Lord Advocate and Solicitor General of Scotland, with the Approbation, and under the Inspection, of Alexander Wedder Esquire, Solicitor General of England, and Joseph Banks, of Lincoln's Inn, Esquire, upon the recent Precedent of a similar Transaction, when a Loan of £. 80,000 was furnished to the said Company, on the Security of other Landed Estates, under the Care, and by the Advice, of the same Learned Gentlemen; and that, after the said Landed Estates in the present Instance, to the Amount in Rent of £.32,000 per Annum, or so much thereof

as shall be adequate to the Claim of such Annuitants as shall subscribe their Afient to thele Proposals, shall have been approved of by the said Four Learned Gentlemen, the Mortgage Deeds, called Heritable Bonds in Scotland, shall be made out, and assigned to Sir William Henry Ashhurji, One of the Judges of His Majesty’s Court of King’sBench, the laid Lord Advocateand Solicitor General of Scotland, the said Alexander Wedderburne, Esquire, Solicitor General of England, Joseph Banks, Richard Glover, and Alexander M'Konochie, El'quires, or to any other Persons in Scotland or England, in Number more or leis, at the Election of the Annuitants themselves, for the special Purpose of being Trustees, and holding the said Estates of £. 32,000 clear Rent, in Behalf of the Annuitants, for the full and due Performance of the Obligations in the said Bonds, which are to be substituted in lieu of the Annuities by the said Committee of Mefiieurs Douglas, Heron, and Company; and that, in case the said Annuitants, or any Number of them, shall accept of these Offers, and of the before-named Seven Persons as Trustees for all or such Proportion of the said Mortgage as shall be adequate to the Claim of such Number as shall subscribe their Afient, it is further provided, and earnestly desired. That they will appoint Three or Five Gentlemen of their own Body, to inspect all the Proceedings relative to this Transaction, and to report the same to a public Meeting, to be called by the Inspectors; and fiat when, with the Approbation and Concurrence of the said Inspectors, all the Premises above mentioned shall have passed the regular Forms, and the Holders of Annuities shall be put in Fofleflion of Bonds to the Amount of £. 7 50 for an Annuity of £. 100 -on One Life, and£. 850 for an Annuity of£. 100 on Two Lives, & pro fata for every greater or lesser Annuity, and when they shall have received in Money whatever is accrued due of the Annuities, down to the Date of the new Bonds, that then the old Bonds and Judgments, or other Securities by which they claimed their said Annuities, shall be given up, and Satisfaction acknowledged on the said Judgments; and that, in case any of the Annuitants who shall sign their Afient to these Proposals, should die before the final Execution of the fame, all the Benefit thereof shall remain to their Heirs and Executors, as fully and effectally as if the original Annuitants were actually alive; but, if the said Proposals should not be made good, in that case the present Annuitants shall remain in the same State they now are; and that Parliament shall be applied to, for an Act, under whose Sanction and Authority the Bonds may be lawfully issued; and that the Annuitants, after Consideration had of the Proposals, unanimously agreed to them, and subscribed to the following Memorandum-:

" London,9th February 1774.. We, the underwritten

" Purchasers of Annuities from Mefiieurs Douglas,

" Heron, and Company, consent and agree to the

before-mentioned Proposals for the Redemption of the " fame; and approve of the Trustees named in the " Fifth Article; and, in Conformity with the Sixth,

" appoint Sir ’Thomas Frankland, Baronet, Martin " den Hawke, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire, Peregrate Cuff , Esquire, and Daniel Giles, Esquire, to be

" our Inspectors over all Proceedings relative to the " Execution of the said PropdfaJ." And that the said

Memorandum

14 Geo. III. 2 iffebrutirik " 495

Memorandum has been subscribed by many other Annuitants, since the Meeting; and there is Reason to believe, that all or most of them are willing to agree to the Redemption, and to accept of the Security proposed; and that the Petitioners intend to issue Bonds, in Terms of the Proposals before recited, for a Sum riot exceeding £.500,000, and not under the Sum of co. in each Bond, for the Purpose of redeeming fire feia Annuities; but that the said Bonds cannot be issued anil transferred, and the Proposals before recited carried into Execution, without much Difficulty, Trouble, and Expence, rinless aided by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dmexa*-mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the1 Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Brailes, A Petition of William , Esquire, Lord of the

tec. Manor of Brailes, in the County of Warwick, and also n o ure. Owner Gf divers Lands and Tenements, in Lower Brailes and Upper Brailes, and the Common "Fields thereof, in the Parish of Lower Brailes, in this said County, Elizabeth Bishop, Widow, Impropriator of the Great Tithes of the said Parish, and also Owner of divers Lands in the said Common Fields, John , Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and as such intitled to certain Modules, or Compositions, in Lieu of the Small Tithes thereof, and also Owner of certain Glybe'Lands annexed to the Viqirage, and also of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of,’ or interested in, other Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read/ Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish^ Two large Common Fields, called by the Narries Or The Upper Town Field, and Town' Field]

containing in the Whole 3,006 Acres, or thfereaboqts; and also several Commons or Wdfte Lands, belonging to' the said feverifcl Common Fields', Containing 1,000 Acres* or thereabouts, in which*" the Petitioners have Right of Common; and that the Lands of the Petitioners, in the Lid Common Fields, lie intermixed, uriinclosed, ancf dispersed in final! Parcels, arid are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and 'that, if the Fal'rie1 were divided; inclosed, and allotted unto and amorrgft till Persons interested, it would be for the Benefit of all' the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid^ under such Regulations arid Restrictions as to the House shall seem rhect.' ‘ y,

Ordered, That Leave be gfVth to..bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mb Skipivith and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, arid bring m, the fame. ' * ’ ' " ,.

1 M ‘ -1 _* 1 ‘ I . I *

Long A Petition ( of several pvvners and Proprietors of itchington Lands, Commons, Tithes, arid Rftiifes, in the Open and loclolnre. Common Fields' of Long Itchington^ in the County 6^ Warwick, and Bafcoie, in the Parish of Long tlchingtod aforesaid, on Behalf of (jliernFelVes'and others, was presented to the House, and rdad; Setting forth. That the Petitioners arc poirdfed of feverial Lands arid Estates, in the said Open and Commbn Fields, which lie inter* mixed, and dispersed in 1 mall Parcels over the said Open Fields, and in their present IS'pyatirin are incapable of any considerable improvement,;'arid'that if thfc same were divided and inclosed, it \V0ri!d be advantageous to all Persons interested therein': And‘therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Vol. 34.

Long Itchington and Bafcote aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall thiok fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to-thriPrayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in* the fame. " .

A Petition of the le\fcral Noblerrien, and the humble. Thame* Petition of she several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Ma- an^ 'f,s 19 HUfacturers, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of, and Navieatidm residing riear, the Borders of the River Thames, whose Names are1 thereunto subscribed, was presented to the'

House, arid1 read; reciting Part of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers ThamPsknd tjis, from the City of London, to the Town of Crickldde, in the county of ; and Setting forth, That the Commissioners have expended considerable Sums of Money, in the Navigation of the said River Thames, in the Second and Third Districts, and have rendered the Navigation in such Parts late and expeditious, and have confidefably reduced the Price of Freight, and are willing and desirous of improving and completing the fame, but find themselves restrained therefrom by'a Proviso in the fard: Act; and that the Petfi tioness areof Opinion, that it was not the Intention oj" the'Le^flatufe, at the Time of pairing the lhid Act, that the Improvement of the Navigation of so much of the said Rivet ThatneS, as lies bet when Londoh arid Staines]

shousel Be entirely neglectfed, as from such Neglect the,

Trade* of the said Rivet rniift necessarily decline, the Works which have been completed in the Second and Third Distrifls be rendered rileless, the Tolls which have been laid by virtue of the said Act become insufficient for the P^ytnerit1 of the Interest on the Slims already advanced,'and the other Purposes therfeof would in Time be entirely defeated'j and that several Years have elapled firlce the passing the said Act; and as no Steps have been takep, by the Corporation of Lond, for the Improvement ,of the Navigation of the Thames, in the said First District, it may’be b re filmed that the said Corporation (in’ whose; Favour the said Proviso was introduced) is either unable or unwilling to execute the fame; and that the Improvement, Extension, and Preservation, of the Navigation of the said Rivers, will be of the greateil Utility to the Inhabitants. of the Cities of and'

Westmihjler, and to the Public in general: And there^ fore praying. That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill td repeal the said Proviso, or lb riiuch thereof as restrairiS’she Commissioners from executing the several Hors'kh of the said Act, or any of them, Within the said,

First District, a^nd the said Commissioners riiay be impowered to imprbve and complete the Navigation of the said First District', 'and for that Purpose,^o raise a Toll therein,',iiridet such Regulations, and With such other Powers; fat the Purposes aforesaid, as, to the House shall

seem‘merit-‘ *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat jOn‘of a Committee: And that thby do examine the Mattes thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear, to them’, to the House: ,

' Arid ft is referred to Sir Francis Vindent, Wir. OnJlow,

&c.: Arid they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, dt Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Batterfe* Inhabitants, of the Parish of Battersea, in the County of new Suirey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Church. forth. That the Church and Steeple of the said Parish, are in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to the Irihabitants to attend Divine Service; and that, by a Survey taken, it appears that the same is incapable of being repaired; and that there is a Necessity the same should be re-built, and the Church Yard enlarged; and that the Petitioners are unable to defray the Expeaces

6 L of

V:

49 6 25° Februariu 1774.

of re-building the fame, unless they are impowered to raise a Sum of Money for that Purpose by a Tax upon themselves; and that the Petitioners are possessed of an Estate, which is appropriated for the Support of the said Church; but that they apprehend they are not authorized to apply the Produce thereof to the re-building the fame, without a further Authority for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the said Estate to the re-building and finishing the said Church, and for enabling the Petitioners to raise such further Sum of Money as may be fuflkient for that Purpose, by a Rate upon the Inhabitants, or by such other Ways or Means as the; House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Franck &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Recprds* ,

Cobhatji A Petition of John Fre, of Church , in: the

Inclosure. County of Surrey, Gentleman, Sutton the femef

Place, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the-

County of Surrey, was prefen ted to the House, and read *

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, apd Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; apd that if the same were divided, and inclosed, it would be for the Benefit of all Persons interested therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House mall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Onslow and Sir Francis do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mgr A Petition of John Cle, Esquire, on Behalf of him-

lnck>sure antl others> was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Harringworth, in the county of ,

and also Owner of about Six Parts in Eight of the Lands in the Parish of Harringworth; and that the Lands of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors, in the Open Fields, lie dispersed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioner, and all other Persons interested therein, the same would be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields of Harringworth aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. George Bridges Brudeand Mr. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Arnold A Petition of William Coape , Esquire, and

Inelolure. others, whose Names are thereunto set, being the Owners of Lands, Tithes, and Common Right, in the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Arnold, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields and Meadows lie greatly dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, not capable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advanta-

geous to the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, General Howe, and Mr. Plumptre, do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

A Petition of Richard Arkwright and Company, of M Co^ton Nottingham, Spinners of Cotton, and Manufacturers of (Arkwrijht’*; British Cotton Stuffs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Year 1769, the Petitioner Richard Arkwright obtained Letters Patent, for spinning Wool, Flax, and Cotton, in a.better and more expeditious Method than theretofore, by Means of a Machine, which Machine is peculiarly adapted for spinning Cotton Yarn for Warps, and is principally used for that Purpose; and that, with such Warps, there are wholly made in Great Britain, from raw Materials, Velverets, and a Variety of other Goods, particularly a new Manufacture of White Cotton Stuffs, adapted for Printing; and that a few Pieces of the said White Cotton Stuffs, lb made with Cotton only, were some Time since vended in London and Lancashire, and in the latter Place printed, and thereupon charged in Lancashire with Two Duties of Three Half Pence each per Yard, amounting together to Three Pence a Yard, the first of which laid Duties is the Duty charged by an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for laying a Duty on certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and the other Duty is the additional Duty charged by an Act of tl^ twelfth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, for laying an additional Duty upon certain Linens, Silks,

Callicoes, and Stuffs; and that tnofe Goods so made with Cotton only beipg.approved of; a considerable Quantity thereof were mjade and sold to several Linen Drapers and . Callico Printers in and about London, where the Officers for collecting His Majesty’s Duties of Excise infilling such Goods were liable by the same Acts as Callicoes to Two Duties of Tfyiee Pence per Yard each, making together Six Pence a Yard, many Orders for the same were countermanded, to the great Prejudice of a new and promising Manufacture,

and to the Poor of this Kingdom, as well as of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are adviled, that the said new manufactured Goods, if printed, stained, or painted, ought at most to be only considered/as Stuffs printed, stained, or painted, and, as such, chargeable with such Two Duties of Three Half Pence each per Yard only; and that so high a Duty as Six Pence per Yard will operate as a Prohibition on the Manufacture in Question; and that a Doubt has arisen, whether such White Cotton Stuffs are not, when printed, painted, stained, or dyed, prohibited to be used and worn in Great Britain; and that the Two Duties of Three Pence per Yaid on Callicoes is conceived to be a Duty on Foreign Callicoes imported, and afterwards printed, painted, or stained, in this Kingdom, and not on British Goods made from raw Materials; the Petitioners allure themselves, the said Manufacture, if not crushed by so heavy a Duty as Six Pence a Yard, will rapidly increase, and find, new and effectual Employment for many Thousand British Poor, and increase the Revenue of this Kingdom; and that it is probable such Warp, made of Cotton which is manufactured in this Kingdom, will be introduced in the Room of the Warps before used, made of Linen Yarn (great Part of which Linen Yarn is imported ready-spun from Foreign Parts) in making Lancashire Cottons, in regard Cotton Goods so made wholly of Cotton will be greatly superior in Quality to the present Species of Cotton Goods made with Linen Yarn

Waips,

4.

14 Geo. III. 25 0 Febmariu497

Warps, and will bleach, print, walh, dnd wear better, and, by Means thereof, find further Employment for the Poor: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Kate or Duty on the said White Cotton Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, and manufactured within the Kingdom of Great Britain, when printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, at Three Pence per Yard only, and for the free Vending, wearing, or using, by all Persons, in Apparel, Househokl Stuff, Furniture, or otherwil'e, any Sort of the said Cotton Stuffs, when so manufactured, and printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, with any Colour or Colours, without incurring, or being liable to be deemed or adjudged, or taken to incur, any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever, for vending, wearing, or using, such Manufactures, so printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, as aforesaid; and that there may be allowed, upon the Exportation of the said White Cotton Stuffs, when exported without being printed, painted. Rained, or dyed, the like Bounties as are allowed on the Exportati >n of British and Irish Coarl'e Linens, to be paid under the Regulations of the Acts of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Eighteenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second; and that there may be allowed, upon the Exportation of the said Cotton Stuffs, when printed, painted. Rained, or dyed, a Drawback of the said Duty of Three Pence per Yard.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Halford A Petition of Thomas Mason and Samuel ladofure. Esquires, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Open and Commonable Lands, in the Fields called Halford Fields, in the Parish of Halford, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields, ana other Commonable Lands within the said Parish, belonging to the Petitioners and others, lie intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the same would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswelland Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

Upton Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Snodfbury Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and WaRe Lands, within the Parish of Upton in the County of

Worcester: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Doddington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open laclotiire. and Commonable Fields, within the Parish of

ton, in the County of Nort was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and uelire their Concurrence.

Ihstock An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Indofure. mon and Open Fields, WaRes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

VOL. 34.

Open Fields, WaRes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of lbjlock, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

A Petition of the TruRees for putting in Execution Kijbourne several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Se- Br'dS'’ venth Year of the Reign of King Georg the FirR, and 04 *’ in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of

Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, amounting in the Whole to 6,900l. which Rill remains due; and that the Powers of the said Acts are, in many Cafes, deficient, and require to be amended and enlarged; and that by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, re^ pairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and for other Purposes, the Petitioners were required to pay yearly to the Commissioners under the said Act the Sum of 500l. towards the Repair of the Street or Road called Oxford Street, in Confederation of the Expence which the said Commissioners would be put to, in paving and keeping in Repair the Pavement of the said Street; and that the several Parishes of Saint Anne, Saint James,

Saint George Hanover Square, and the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, through whicjithe said Street or Road leads, have, for many Years, compounded with, and paid to, the TruRees for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, several Sums of Money annually, in Lieu of Statute Duty to be. performed by the said Parishes of the said Road or Street; but that, for some Time paR, the said Parishes of Saint Anne, Saint James, and Saint George Hanover , have refused to pay their respective Sums due from the said Parishes, by Way of Composition with the said TruRees, in Lieu of Statute Work; and that the Petitioners desire, that Provision be made for removing any Doubts or Difficulties that may have arisen, with respect to the Powers vefied in the Petitioners, for enforcing the Payment of the said Compofii*.on Monies from all the said Pari dies; and that, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged, and the Payment of the said Composition Monies be properly enforced, the Money due on the Tolls granted by the said Acts cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be sufficiently and properly kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Alderman Townsend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Petiruddock presented to the House, according to Turnpike Order, a Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in,

the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ' *' c-

intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to lie weighed: Anti the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved,

498 25° Februarii. A. 1774*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gnffham A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto fub-nc.osure. being the Lord of the Manor, and Principal

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commonable Grounds, and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Graff ham, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant t* the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Barr/, Mr. Alderman Townsend, and Mr. Demp-

Jier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ellington A Petition of those whole Names are thereunto fub-Indomre. foribed, being the Lord of the Manor, Impropriator, and Principal Owners and Proprietors, of Lands, Commonable Grounds and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave fnay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Barr/, Mr. Alderman Tdwnfend, and Mr. Demp-fter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

%ank A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Scotland Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1695, for erecting a Bank in Scotland, a Joint Stock, amounting to the Sum of £. 1,200,000 Scots Money, or ico, oooo Sterling, was allowed to be raised and paid, in the Manner by the said Act directed; and that, by the said Act, it was declared, that £. 1,000 Scots Money should be the lowest, and £. 20,000 Scots Money the highest, Sum any One Person should be allowed to subscribe; and that, by the said Act, it was also declared, that the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Stock, in Manner therein directed, should be a Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name- of "The Governor and Company of the " Bank of Scotland," under which Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal; and certain Rules were thereby prescribed for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank; and that, under the said Act, and the Rules and Orders therein mentioned, the said Bank was established, and has ever since continued; and that the said Bank has; proved a great National Advantage; and it would be , highly beneficial to the Commerce and Interest of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, if the Capital Stock of the said Bank was increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, so as not to exceed in the Whole the Sum of /. 200,000 Sterling, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlkforation of a Committee: And that they do exa-5

mine, and Hate to the I louse* the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of David Earl of Levett, as Praefes of a* Pise General Meeting, and in Name of the Freeholders, Roads ami Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, Heritors Bridgei. or Landholders of the County of Fife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Reason' of the great Number of Roads and Bridges within the said County, the Powers granted by Law in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services,

Work, and Monies, which are thereby authorized to be exacted and levied, have been found insufficient to mend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the said County; and that other and further Powers are necessary, effectually to mend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, containing the necessary Powers and Provisions, for enabling the said. Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, Heritors, or Landholders of the said County, effectually to mend, and keep in Repair, the Roads and Bridges witliia the fame.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and teport the lame, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Edtnonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning nfext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Glasgow the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and street£

read; Reciting Part of an Act of the Thirty-second of &c. his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge across the said River, from the said City, to the Village of; and

also an Act of the Eighth of His present Majesty, for making and widening a Passage, or Street, from the Saltntarket Street, in the City of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's, Church, in- the said City, and for enlarging and completing the Church Yard of the said Church, and for making, and building a convenient Exchange, or ‘ Square, in the said City; and also for explaining and amending the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty; and Setting forth.

That, in pursuance of the said Acts, a large and commodious*’new Bridge has been built, across the River Clyde, opposite to the Foot of Jamaica Street', in Glasgow, and the Tame, together with the necessary Entries and Passages to and from each §nd thereof, have been completed, and the Tolls and Pohtage$ have been twice set by public Roup 01; Auction, the Rents whereof are insufficient even for paying the Interest of the Money laid out in building ana completing the said new Bridge, and the Avenues leading to and from the same; and, as well on that Ac-codnt, as for providing, a sufficient Fund for the Maintenance and Support of the said Bridge hereafter, an Ihcrease of the aforesaid Tolls and Pontages, which are now very inconsiderable, is become necessary; and that it would be very convenient and advantageous for the said City of Glasgovj, that the old Bridge across the Rivet;

Clyde, from the said City to ‘the Village of Gorbells, was repaired, 'widened, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Two before-recited Acts, of the Thirty-second of his late Majesty, and Eighth of His present’' Majesty, in so far as they

relate

Glasgow

and

Lanerk

Roads.

Glasgow

t0v-

Redburn R ridge Roads.

.'4/ - .

14 G£o. III. £4* FebrHarii.~ 490

relate to the said new Bridge, and fot repairing; widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge1 icross the RiVer of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow, to the Village of

Gorbells.

Ordered, That the said Petition*be referred to the Consideration of a Comfnittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr.

Edmonfiom, &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning next-, at Ntrte of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. -''* ’

' f }

A Petition of the 'Magistrates of the City of Glasgow, and the other Subscri hers thereto, . Trustees upon the Turnpike Road 'leading from the City of Glasgozv, through' Cowcaddens, ’ to that Part of the Water' of Kel-‘Vine, called TheMUitford of Garfcube, within the County of Lanerk, was pretexted to the House, and read-; Setting forth, That the Acts of the 26th and 27th Years of h'is-late Majesty King George the Second, for making, repairing, and upholding, the said Road, and building Bridges thereon, are hear expired; and that the said Road-and Bridges cannot be kept in sufficient Repair^nor the -Money borrowed paid off, unless the said Acts be prolonged, and in Tome Particulars altered, explained, and amended, and new Powers-and-Authorities granted: And therefore praying the House to allow the Petitioners to bring in a Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (half appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edmo/nfione, &c.: And they are to meet upon- Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock,*in- the Speaker’s Chamber; afnd have Power to fend-for* Persons, Papers, and'Records. '-..... -;

. ;j. ....

A Petition of the Magistrates of the City of Glasgow, and of those Subscribers, Trustees upon the Roads after hientioned, leading into the faicf City, was prefefrted-to. the House, and.read; Setting forth, That the Acts of the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Mars jesty King George the Second, respecting’the making, repairing, and upholding, the Road leading from5 the City oi Glasgow io the Tocker Bridge, through Part of the GoUntieS of L'dnfrk and Reand other Roads therein mentioned, are near expired; and that the Act of the1 6-th Year of the Reign of King- George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of art -.'Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reigmbf King Second, for

repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; so far a^ii relates to the Road ftofft GlasgoW ho Redbum- Bridge, ought to be repealed,- in respect the Line of Road marked out by the Surveyors, cannot be- made, from the Tolls that1 will arile thereupon; and that the! afbi-esaidfRfcadsand Bridges cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, nor the Money, bdrtoWed foe the making’and repairing thereof, paid1 off,1 unless rlie before-mentiphed Three Acts be repealed,- and new' Powers and Authorities granted: And therefore prayfrig the -Houseth allow the Petitioners to bring in a Bill for the-above. Purposes. " 1 1 - - 5

Ordered, That the said Peririori -be Vesserted -to the Consideration of a Committee: -And;-that they d6'examine the Matter thereof; and repotf’the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the-House: ' f

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual,

. Vot.^34.

several A<&s of Parliament, of tlfe f6th and 17th, and 22d Years of King Charles the Second, and Of the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty, for draining -and preserving certain Lands,- called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.; . .:

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wray, Mr. LafcAhs,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Peffons whose Hands are1 thfercurito subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollo-well, in the Parish of Gui/fborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors interested therein: - And-therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring-in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and-Common Fields, Common Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, in such Manner as to the House shall seem' meet. ' - ' ’;

Ordered, That Leave be given.to bring in a Bill, pur-' liiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And* that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Knightley do prepare,: and bring in, the lame.

’ -i

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time,' an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend ah: tf Act, made in the Fifth Year of, the! Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ;An Act' for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork/ Bacon, and Butter, 'ffonv/n?*Jand, for a limited Time yrand for alldwitig^the Im-r " portation of Salted Beef,'Pork/: Bacon, and Buttery *.* from the British Dominions in America1," for a limited " TimeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time:: . -.dry: r-

Refotued, That the Bill be read^ SecondTirae.

Ordered,.That there be laid before this House,-an Account of: the Quantities and' Value of- Linens damped* irt Scotland, from the Year 17218 to the Year 1773, both incluifive, as far as the same can be made

up. *’ - *'

A Message from: the ’Lords, by Mr. Angitish and Mfr.: Pechell: . '. .; . ...; i -

- Mr. Speaker, '.1*1 i -i*. - -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inritWed, An Act to allow the Exportation of-Corn, Grainy and other Articles, to His Majesty’s- Sugar Colonies'in America; and to extend' the: Provisions of an Act,’ made in the* last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation: and Exportation eff Corn," allowing the Exportation of Wliear^Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Bdlcuit, and Pease; and :to allow s he Exportation of all the said Articles to - the' Rland I of Alderney; without any Amendment!: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, from the River Calder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne, to The King's Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

6 M The

Dotping

Fens

Drainage

Hollowell

arid

GuU&orough

lndofure.

Silted Beef, Pork, Ice.

Linens.

(Scotland.)

Corn, 4cc.

Calder

Canal.

ClapKtm

new

Church*

Swinton,

See.

inclosurt.

Yzertdoom’s

Nat.

Westminster Watch and Beadles.

Laudable

Society.

(Widows.)

coo 2.5 ° Febrmrii,: \ A. 1774*-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece or Waste Ground, within and Parcel of the Manor of Glapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees i and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon; without any Amendment t And also.

The Loads have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,. Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Szvintm, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York , without any Amendment . And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Pan Yzeudoorw, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefiiengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of and

Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Brett, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sambrooke Freeman, and Sir Charles Banbury, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are subscribed, being divers of the Directors, Trustees, and Members, of the Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Year 1761, a Society was formed, by the Name of " The Laudable Society for the Bene-. " fit of Widows," with an Intent to secure.to the Widows of such Persons as were and should become Members, certain Annuities mentioned in the Scheme then adopted and published by them; and that the Members of the said Society, on their Admission, executed a Deed, containing Articles for the better ordering and regulating the ir.Affairs; by the 17th Article of which Deed, a Majority of the Members, at a general Meeting, have a Power to ednfider of and determine all Matters relating to the said Society, and the Support and Preservation thereof} to add toy alter, ,br amend, the Articles, for the better and more.successful Management of the Af*' fairs of the said Society jand that the Society hath increased to a very considerable Nufmber, and, in the Year <770, amounted to near.Seven Hundred Member?} and that, about that Time, the then Directors took the State of the Society into Consideration, assisted by the moll able Calculators and Mathematicians they could procure, who examined the Calculations and Principles upon ' which the Society was formed, and found the fame'to be exceedingly erroneous and defective; and that the Annuities engaged t<5 be paid were nearly One Half greater-.than the Stock and Annual Payments of the Subscribers would anl'wer} and that, at different general Meetings of the said Society, the Directors have reported to the Members the Opinions rof the said Calculators, and recommended a Reduction of the Annuities; hut that, at such Meetings, a Majority of the Members who attended have peremptorily refused to suffer any Alteration whatever to be made in the original Plan: and that there wore, at ChristmasIaft, Fifty-nine Widows

Claimants on the Society, whose Annual Claims amount to the Sum. of £. 1,305, exclusivcof several others, who will be entitled to Annuities zL Lady-day next; and that the Stock of the said Society conlifts of £. 33,400 Three per Cent. Bank Annuities, together with what, remains in the Secretary’s Hands; of which said Annuities, £. 31 ,7<)0 Stock i& vested in the Names of Five Trullees; lbme of whoih, being convinced of the ruinous State of the Society,’ and of the Itnpoflibility of its fulfilling its

.. 1

Engagements, refute to transfer foe laid Stock, or to act further in the said Trull, without being sufficiently in-r; dem-nified; and that One of the said I ruftees..is gone.

Abroad to Foreign Parts; and that 1,700, the Remainder of the said Three per Cent. Bank Annuities, has been purchased in the Names of Five other Trustees„ who have accepted the lame, and agreed to act in the said Trull; and that, notwithstanding this State of- their Affairs, divers Persons Hill apply to be admitted Members } and as, by the original Deed, any Number less than Two- thoul'and may be admitted, the Mischiefs anting from this inadequate Plan may spread Hill wider, and mufl infallibly end in the absolute Bankruptcy of the Society, and in the very great Loss of all, and absolute Ruin of several, of the Parties interested , and . r that the Petitioners can conceive no other Way to prevent such future Mischief, but by difiolving. the laid Society; and they apprehend that, upon such Diflblu- ‘ tion, Justice may be done to all the Claimants, by ascertaining the Amount of the present Claims, and dividing the whole Fund in dpe Proportions amongst the several Claimants: And therefore p/aying. That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill to enable and compel the present Trullees who now re side in to 1'eHi

the Capital Stock of the laid Society }and that the fame*,; and such other Monies as belong to the Society, and shall be in the Hands of the Secretary, may be divided amongst the Annuitants and the rest of the Proprietors* in Proportion to their respective Claims and Interests y or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief ix^ the; Premises as to the Houfp shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to ,-thei Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, wUjlt their Opinion thereupon, to.,the. House:

And it. is referred to Mr. Do Sir Henry Hoghlon, &c.: Aim! they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s,

Chamber; and have Power to fend for PersonSj Papers,; and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.'; . , ...,; - /

Mr. Gafccpue,. from the Commissioners for T/sufo: and Plantations, presented to the Hpufegfoy 11 is Majesty’s Command, , - -^1 r

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining apd fugpofit-ing the Civil Estabhlhment, of His Majesty’s Colony ojf Nova Scotia, for the Year 1774: Apd also,

Estimate of foe Civil Establishment of His Majesty’a Colony of Georgia, znd other incidental Expences attending the fame, from th<? 24th of June ,1773 to the,

24th of June.17 74 And also, , .

Estimate-of the Civil Establishment of His MajestyV Province of Fast. Florida, and other incidental Expences-attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of June 1,7 74And a}fo,

._ £ftimate of foe-Civil Estabiifomenfc of His Majesty’a Province of West Florida, and othfcr-incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to tb«

24th of June 1774: And also;

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s. Dominions in N America, for the Year 1,774: And also, - .

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaihr: ing the Civil Establishment of the Government of Seuei gambsa, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Ypar 1774-

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates ft$e a* fpj fowefo i viz. .;

ESTIMATE

i-4 Geo. III. <5?/

ESTIMATE of the Charge-of maifitaining art$ foppcyting tlry: CiviJ E/ba^Iifljtm^nt- his Majesty ’ a

Colony of Wovif Sfat/a,jfpjr ^he Year, 1774. , . .!

Tp an additional Salary to the Governor - -- -- - To a Salary to the Chief Justice y- , To a Salary to the Attorney. General . - . - * - _ " , T. To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himselfand Clerks To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - _ - . ...- -.. To an Allowance to the Regider . - . - . - _ - -r V To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other canttijigcnt Expends. attending that Establishment - . - - . - - 7 To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary's Office - , To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent, to the Miniders and Schoolmadexs in .1 i nr* r'v /I r\ r . 1 n ’ £. r. d. 500 'r.3W fT <"T 19 ,-r j Vi rifel9,7T . 19 rr «?? i >; 9$ T . -&, .? -r . ' !

- the different Distrias of the Province - - - r = - - -To an Allowance for Firewood, for the Use of the Governor’s House an^ public Q/Eces ? To the Expences of a Pilot Boat - - - - - -.-r To the Salary of the Agent - - . - r *,* To the Salary of the Treasurer To the Expence of the Orphan House - r . ,f. To an Allowance to Mrs . Howe, who, after long andmeatpr^ous Services nf her late TT/V f 1 /. ry I A 1 / - . - - k . V , S Z v. :-A°i . i .*’'* yA99. " T* -r;59 r 5

.-Husband, is left deditute under Age and Infirmity - - - -To an allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton ..... To an Allowance for a Pried to the Micmac Indi, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies, for which no Provision is made 100 100

in this Edimate - -- -- IOO

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova , for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of Ha- To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and 1 1 V /T* r . 1 -I jT t . t rt --1QO — sr

upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Edimate - - - IOO

: ': -M ' V :11 V' i.dAl fi/H !*; i . iC-4»$f6 10 $

, ' ' V- . All a^.A K,i Al ’-n.'Lv. ' \ . v *.

ESTIMATE of the Civil- Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony Of Georgia, and otfre® iitficfental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 17.73 to the 24th of 1774. ': *.

I - r. - t

.-y — 7; — _ To the Salary of the Governor ------ - - - To the Salary of the Chief Justice - a -To the Salary of the Secretary - ------ - - - - To the Salary of the Clerk of thoAfiembly - - - i To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands- - - -- - - -- -To the Salary of the Receiver General of the-Quit-Rents - - - - -To the Salary of the Attorney General ’! i . - - - r . - ..... To the Salary of the Provod Marshal ---- - - - ----- 'Po an Allowance for a Minider of the Chur<ffi of England kiid Two Schoolmasters -To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony - - - -To an Allowance to the Pilot dationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and £. . 1,000 — — 500 — — IOO — — 20 i5o 100 —; — 150: 100 — — I l6 — T — 200

sufficient Hands - -- -To an Allowance for contingent Expences - -- -- -To an Allowance to Mr. Ottoienghe, Superintendant of the late Filature at , in Confederation of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now difeon- 8*0 1 1 1 1

t'tnued ------ - ... IOO

£.3,086--

Vol. 34. ESTIMATE

503

25° Februarji. A. 1774*

ESTIMATE of the CivH Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East , and othei iacklentii

Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of 1773 to the 24th of June 1774.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief To the Salary of the Chief Justice

To the Salary of the Attorney General' - - .

To the Sialary of the Secretary, and Cletk of the Council - ‘

To the Salary of the Register ——

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents ':

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - - . - '., - .

To an Allowance for an Assistaqt" - -

To she Salary of the Agent,) - J' -To a Minister at $t. AuguJUtie ' ' - - -:; -

To a Minister at St. Mark's„ 2 t - - .

To a SchoolmaHer, at each of tile above tlacesy £-‘2$ each -; -

To the Salary of aProvoft Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Pilot, established at St. AugtiJUne - " -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a properAfTortment of Goods, for

diansy and other contingent Ekpehces relative to that Service; --

~ - "* t;.J

i.) -

.u:

I.

' f,.

C<

K _

fl 'vVM.J

r.

Preferifc to the In-

. - / .

v '

\ \ .; «* i r. c:; f V, g *

» '* /.'I", vnui:*'') ’ I/;:*

:U

£ s.

1,200 —

500 —

l5o — 150 — 100 — 100

120----

30 —

200 ---

IOO----

too

" ' 5° —

1O0 —

5° —;

1,000 —

1,000 —

C 4>95°

*. .: 1. ‘ . 1.'

- IV. »- { . >1 4 r. G*, . ^'.<1 I .-II , i J }

'..‘A V'(:'" < ' j; jw x;

:r:

"2 ' * 1 1 A) n-.r;

- -: :..u :i..!

' i: A 1.

' '1 1:..1. fit v.: r -

E S T I M A-T E of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Wesi , and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of June 1774.

;. j.,'

’ 4 iri >- ’;-c

;ou

To the Salary of ihfe Gdye'rhor hi Chief1:

To the Salary Of. the Chief Justice '-'- 1 . 1

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To the Salary of the Secretary, and Clerk of the Council -To the Salary of a Register -

To the Surveyor of Lands -

To an AHpwance tjo an Assistant - -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of a Minister-at Pensacola -

To the Salary of a Minister- at Mobile - -

To a Schoolmafteil at:each of the above-Places, £. 25 each - -To the Salary of the Provost Marftial - - -- < -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences >: r- ./ . - , >

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment -of Goods, for Presents, to the

__dians: ——

To an Allowance to- Mr. RomansyTor his Care and Skill in the CoJle&ion of rare and - ufefol Productions in Physic and Botany - . - -

- nz.i

1 '-»i > >

s. d.

5°° '

15° 150 -

100 30

1 t ..,200

1.) ,1

j v:; -100 ;o v:.:!SP:

1.

1,00 — -

1,000 --

i,oop —

SO

L-4.850

c.

E S T I M A T E

i4 Geo. III.

2 50 Februarii.

503

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1774.

; i

‘To an Allowance to a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To a Deputy Surveyor at Ten Shillings per Day, and Two Assistant Surveyors, at Seven Shillings per Day each -

To One Draughtsman, at Five Shillings per Day -

To an additional Pay of One Shilling and Eight Pence per Day to One Serjeant, One Shilling per Day to One Corporal, and Six Pence per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in

such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain, Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of the Mountains -

To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, &c. -

To Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District - -

To the Purchase of a Set of Instruments for the Use of the Surveyor of the Southern District ——

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue, of Monies granted upon the Estimate To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the Public Offices, of the Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication ——

100

438

91

*55

zoo

700

200

200

IOO

r.

5 ~

2

*7 —

2,08 5 4 —

---- 1

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of in South , and

Cape Rouge, for the Year 1774.

To a Salary to the Governor ——

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Fort, in the River Gambia To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at St. Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences -To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor ,-----....

To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

1,200

400

200

200

200

5°

IOO

2,786

1,000

200

£- 6>336

5m

d.

9*

9i

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie. upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Fitzmaarice’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Plantation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estate. to consider of the Petition of the Right honourable . Vot. 34.

Isaac Barre, One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy

.Council, the honourable Thomas and David

Roberts, Esquire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

6N Sir

British

Manufactures

Moorfields

to

Waltham

Abby

Navigation.

Newcastle upon Tyne Town Moor, &c.

504

35° Februarii,

J. 1774.

Sir 'Thomas Clavering took the*Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House v/ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, of the 7th Day of in the last Session of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Extracts of Letters, and other Informations, received by His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, concerning Duties, or Prohi- bitions, laid since the Year 1720, on the Importation " of British Manufactures into the Dominions of any of " the Princes or States of , of Rtiffia, or of

" Holland."

And the Title of the said Paper was read;

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the.Member* of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by a Level and Survey lately taken, it appears, that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made, from a Place called Moorfields, in the Neighbourhood of the said City, to a Place in the River Lee, near Waltham Abby, in the County of Essex; and all'o to communicate with the said River, near Lee Bridge, by a Branch from the said Canal; whereby the Conveyance of Corn, Flour, Malt, and sundry other Kinds of Provisions, Coals, Timber, Lime, Manure, Goods, and other Things, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive; and the Petitioners conceive, that the said Undertaking, if carried into Execution, will be of great Advantage and Encouragement to Trade, tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to make and maintain the said intended Navigation, and the several Works thereunto belonging, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Letters Patent of Incorporation to the said Town of Newcastle Tyne-, and setting forth, That the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town are seised, to them and their Successors, in Fee, of a Tract or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called The Tou-n Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town and

County; and that, for the Purpose of improving a Part of the said Town Moor, a Lease was granted to Hopper, of Turfdale, in the County of Durham, Farmer, for the Term of Twelve Years, from the 12th Day of May 1772, under certain Rents and Covenants; and reciting Articles of Agreement, to establish for ever, to resident Freemen, and the resident Widows of the deceased Freemen of the Town of Newcastle, the full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, for Two Milch Cows, in the Manner therein mentioned;" and further setting forth. That the said Mayor and Burgesses are all'o seised of a Tract of Uninclosed Ground, called The Nun's Moor, adjoining upon, and lying open to, the said TowA Moor\ upon which said Nun’s Moor the Milch Cows of resident free Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased free Burge lips, have grazed in like Manner as upon the said Town Moor; and that the said Mayor and Burgesses are also deiled of a Parcel of Inclosed Ground, called contiguous to the said Town Moor, upon, which laid Parcel of

Ground called The Leazes the Milch Cows of resident free Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased free Burgesses, have, during a Part of the Year, been ac-' customed to graze; and that the said Nun's Moor and the said Leazes do respectively stand in Need of Improvement; and that, although the said Agreement is manifestly calculated and intended for the Benefit of the resident free Burgesses and resident Widows of deceased free Burgesses in particular, and the Inhabitants of the said Town in general, and the Improvement of the said Nun’s Moor and Leazes respectively would tend to the like Benefit, yet the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Agreement effectually into Execution, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and making more " effectual an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth " Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for "repairing the Roads from in the County of

" Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the same County, and " from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of " Hertfordand of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,. Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said Counties of Bedford and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money due be discharged, unless the Term in the said Act be further continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereof enlarged and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers thereof in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.;

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Luton

to

St. Alban* &c. Roads.

i4 Geo. III. a5° — a8°

St. Neot’s, A' Petition of those whole Names are thereunto fubr See. feribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Inclosure. an Undivided Right of Pasturage upon and over certain Tracts of Land, situate in the Parish of Saint in the County of Hunting and commonly, called Havokefdens Leys, and the Ways and Lanes leading to and from the same, Islands Common and Islands Meadow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thait the said Lands are, in their prefect Situation, incapable of being advantageously enjoyed, without certain Rules and Orders, for the Occupation of the fame; being established by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stephens and the Lord do prepare, and

bring in, the fame, i i

Congratu- Resolved, Nemitte Contradicente, That an humble- Ablation to drels be presented to His Majesty, to offer the Congra*-. The King, tulations of this House to His Majesty, on the happy Delivery of the Queen, and on the Birth of another Prince; and to allure I lls Majesty, that every Encrease of His Uluflrious Family affords the raoft unfeigned Joy and Satisfaction to His Faithful Commons, and endears His Majesty and his' Royal Consort still more to the Hearts of His people.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to.His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Elections. The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members- to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,

" or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render perpetual the said Acts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas } 25°'

Tellers for the Nocs,|^; } ,22'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Edward , Sir John Molesworth, Mr. James Gren, Mr. ‘Thomas Townshend,

Junior, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Colonel , Mr. Solicitor General, Lord George Germaine, Mr. Phipps, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. W Sir George Yotige, General Burgoyne, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Burke, Mr. Sambrooke Freeman, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Aubrey, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Byng, Mr. Marsham, Sir George Savile, Mr. Serjeant Glynn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Turner, Mr. Feilde, the Lord Guernsey, Colonel Jennings, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Vol. 34.

Februarii, $05

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houftj to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tili Monday Morning next; Ten of the Clock.

Lunaty 28° die Februarii;

Anno 14" Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1774!

' Prayers!

M R. Speaker informed the House, That he had, on London Saturday last, received a Letter from John Ro- Election berts, Esquire, acquainting him, that he desired Leave of the House to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City

And a Member in his Place, acquainting the House, that Mr. Roberts had desired him to move for Leave to withdraw the said Petition;

And another Member, in his Place, having informed the House, that he had Authority from the Lord Mayor of London, the Sitting Member, to content to the withdrawing of the Petition of the said John Roberts,

Esquire;

Ordered, That John Roberts, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of London:

Ordered, That the Order, for taking the said Petition into Consideration on this Day, be discharged.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Birmingham Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth Wp^ton and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bthrough Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through

Stratford upon Avon, unto Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money, or have Money due to them, upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which Money Cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually repaired and widened, unless the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, lo far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred -}.o Mr. Skipwith, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Norton Dormer, Lord of the Manor of Over Norton, otherwise Lindsey Norton Lindsey, in the County of Warwick, and a Pro- *nclofttre* prietor of Lands in the Manor and Parish of Over Norton, otherwise Norton Lindsey, aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Thomas Hall, James Money, Esquire, SusannahCanning, and other Proprietors of divers Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Right of Common, in certain Open and Common Fields, and

Commonable,

co6 a8° Februarii. A. 1774.

Commonable, Common, or Waste Meadows, Failures, Lands, ant] Grounds, situate within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the Several Proprietors, in the said Fields,-lie greatly intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; and that there are several Tracts of Common, or Waste or Commonable Land or Ground, within the said Fields and Parish; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable, Common, or Waste Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds," in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that, if they were inclosed and divided, and all Right of Common therein extinguished, it would be an Advantage to all Persons interested, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the said Open andj-Cortimon Fields, and Commonable, or Common and*Wide Meadows, Pastures, Lunds, and Grounds, in such; Manner as to the Hpufe shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in ' a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Methuen do prepare, and bring in, the lame. .

Wcdmore, A Petition of the most noble James Duke of Chandos, j *c* Lord of the Manors of and in the

"and^ County of SomerJ'et, and the humble Petition of the Drainage. Freeholders of the said Manors, and of the Manors of Mudgeley, within the Parish of aforesaid, and

also of the Impropriator of the Redlory or Parish Church of fVedmore aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are Proprietors of, and interested in, Three several large Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called by the Names of fVedmore Moor, Church land Moor, and Mudgeley , situate within the Manors aforesaid, containing together, by Admeasurement, 2,737 Acres of rich Land, which now lie open and in Common, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining, the said Three several Moors or Waites, subject to such Rules, Provisoes, and Directions, as to the House shall seem proper and requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Barking A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over-Poor, and seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of Worktoufe. the p;irj(]-j Qf Barking, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great Expence; and that the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and the Method of collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor is attended with great Delay, by which Means Losses frequently happen in the Collodion; and that the Power of distributing the Money when collected is so general, that the Rates are of late much encreased, and become very burthensome to the Petitioners; and that if the Petitioners were impowered to hire or purchase a convenient Piece of Ground, within the said Parish, with Messuages or Tenements thereon, proper for a Workhouse, or House of Industry, or to build a more convenient Workhouse, or House of In-

dustry, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish, under proper Regulations, the Poor would be much better managed, supported, and maintained, and at a less Expence than they are at present and if some Method was provided for the more speedy Collection and better Distribution of the Money to be raised and collected for the Relief of the said Poor, it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners; and that there are fevertil Charity Estates belonging to the said Parish, cotififting of Lands, Hereditaments, and Money in the Public Funds, the Trulls of which are expired, and, in order to support the said Charity, it is absolutely necessary -that the vacant Trusts should be filled up, and some further Provinons made for regulating and managing the fiiicl Charity Estates:

And therefore-praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cfleding the several Pur poles aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine' of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Perfofts, Papers, and Records. *

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other Lewifiia* Inhabitants, of and within the Parish of in new

the County of Kent, Whose Names are thereunto fob- Church, feribed, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabric, and, upon a Survey and Examination thereof, it is found to be in so ruinous a Condition, that it will be necessary to pull down and re-build the fame, which will be attended with a very considerable Expence, and cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the moll easy Method of raising the Money necessary for re-building the said Church will be, by raising such Sum of Money as shall be thought sufficient to answer the Purpose, by way of Annuities, to pe raised by a Rate and Assessment, to be paid by the Parishioners of the said Parish and Freeholders thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to raise such Sum of Money as shall be thought necessary for the pulling down and re-building the said Church, upon Annuities, for the Lives of such Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, to be charged and chargeable in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Garth,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Grosvenor Petition of several Gentlemen, Occupiers of Houses in Square, Grosvenor Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover ^av‘nE* * Square, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by several Acts, Powers are vested in the Commissioners thereby appointed, for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the several Streets, Squares, and Places, within the City and Liberty of fVejimnJler, who are authorized to raiie, for

those Purposes, certain Rates therein mentioned; and that, by reason of the great Extent of Pavement in Grof-venor Square, within the said Liberty, the aforesaid Rates are found to be insufficient, and the said Pavement is in a ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners arc also subject to other Rates and Duties, for fencing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Garden or inclosed Ground, and watering the Pavement, within the said

Square,

y

14 Geo. III. 28" Februam. 507

Square, which Rates are likewise insufficient for the said Purposes; and that the Petitioners are willing and deli-rous to raise, among themselves, such Sum or Sums of Money, as will enable them, as well effectually to pave, light, and cleanse, and keep in Repair, the said Square, as to water the Pavement thereof, and inclose the said Garden in a more substantial Manner, and to alter and embellish the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for relieving them from the Payment of the several Rates and Duties afo relaid and to empower them to raise such other Rates and Duties as will enable them to execute the said Purposes.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hanover A Petition of the Committee Men for paving, clean* sing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have been made, for paving the several Squares, Streets, and Places, within the City and Liberty of;

and that the Commissioners for carrying the said Acts into Execution have made great Progress in the several Works thereby directed to be done; and that, in one of the said Acts, Power is given to raise any Sum, not exceeding 6 d.in the Pound, by a Rate upon the Inhabitants (exclusive of the Sum of 1 3 d. authorized to

be raised in Squares) and that the present Pavements in Grosvenor Square and Hanover Square, within the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, are in a ruinous Condition, and require to be entirely new paved; and that the Inhabitants of the said Squares are desirous the same should be new paved, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, but that, the said Sum of 6d. in the Pound will not be sufficient to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering them to make such further additional Rate, upon the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square and Hanover Square, as shall be necessary to enable the Commissioners to new pave the said Squares,

' in such Manner as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. -land, & c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sleaford A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Navigation, Merchants, Farmers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, Ac' in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Stream, or River, running from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Market Town of Nezv Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Wit ham, near a Place called Chappel Hill, in the said County, and the Branches thereof, are capable of being made Navigable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, which will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and ether Inhabitants of the said County, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making Navigable the said Stream, or River, and the Branches thereof, from the said Ca through the Town of New Sleaford aforesaid, to the said River Witham, near Chappel Hill aforesaid, in the said County of Lincoln, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are Braunlto'n thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, Navigations or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Open Field Estates, within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, lie inconveniently intermixed, and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leavd may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ktiightley, Sir William Dolben, and Sir Roger Newdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are Hellidon thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of; Navigation, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Open Field Estates, within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northhampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, lie inconveniently intermixed and diP perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable Of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, in such Man* ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Knightley, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That Answer their Address of Friday last (to offer the Congratulations to of this House to His Majesty, on the happy Delivery of Address of the Queen, and on the Birth of another Prince; and to assure His Majesty, that every Increase of His Illustrri-ous Family affords the most unfeigned Joy and Satisfaction to His Faithful Commons, and endears His Majesty and His Royal Consort dill more to the Hearts of His People) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graci-ously; and returns Thanks to this House, for this Instance of their affectionate Attachment to Him and His Family.

A Petition of the Trustees of an Act of Parliament, Kimbolton, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his &c*

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An oa 5‘

" Act for repairing the Road from the North End of " Browns Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of " Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers,

6 0 "to

508

" to the Way Post near Wellingborough in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in Great Catworth near

" Brington Bridge, in the said County of ,"

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That £.2,050 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Money collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions thereof; and great Progress hath been made; but it has not been possible effectually to repair the said Road, nor can the same be done, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term by the said Act granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and alto for extending the said Road from the North End of to the South End

thereof; and that the said Road leading from Brown's Lane aforesaid to Wellingborough Bridge, may be carried through the Parish of Covington, with such Powers, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referfed to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Lord Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Raddon A Petition of Sir Griffith , Baronet, Lord of

.Inftofure. the Manor of Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York, Impropriator of the Rectory of Rudston aforesaid, and Owner of a considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township or Parish, and also of Godfrey Bofville, Esquire, and Henry Esquire, as Guardian to Harrington Hudson, a Minor, Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields of Rudston aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds within the said Open Fields and Wastes, being intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, are attended with much Loss and Inconvenience to the Proprietors thereof, and, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement; and that the dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Wades, and making Compenla-tions for the Tithes arising therefrom, and from the ancient Inclosures within the said Parish, would be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leicester A Petition of the several Persons thereunder sub-

Debtors. fcrjbed, Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Pembroke A Petition of such of His Majesty’s Justices of the Gaol, Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application has been made for Leave to bring in a Bill for pm-chafing certain Lands, in the Town and County of Haverford West, for the Erection of a new Common Gaol for the said County; and that the Petitioners conceive, it will be necessary, that a House of Correction for the said County, as well as a Common

A, 1774*

Gaol, should be erected on the said Lands; and that, in case the Title to such Lands should be or appear good or defective, that Authority should be given to purchase other Lands, for such Purposes; and that the Lands whereon the said Gaol and House of Correction shall be built, if situated in Haverford West, should and ought to be considered as Part of the said County of Pembroke; and that Power should be given to sell or dispose of the old Gaol, and the Materials thereof, and the Ground whereon the same Hands: And therefore praying. That the said Bill to be brought in, for the Erection of the said Gaol, may extend to the erecting of a House of Correction, and other the Matters last mentioned, with such Powers and Authorities, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of such His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Justices, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the same County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Saint the Wi- Plymouth

dow and Relict of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, deceased, on Behalf, and as Guardian, of Sir John Saint ' Aubyn )* Aubyn, Baronet, her only Son, an Infant, and of Sir John Molesworth, Baronet, in Behalf of himself, and

of William Molesworth, his only Son, an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of the Will of Sir William Morice, late of in the County of Devon, Baronet, deceased, bearing Date the 5th Day of December 1744; And setting forth, That the said Testator died soon after the making his said Will, without Issue; and thereupon Sir John Saint Aubyn, the Devisee in the said Will, became seised of, or entitled to, the Rents and Profits of the Estates therein mentioned, for his natural Life; and that Part of the Hereditaments and Premises, so limited by the said Will to the said Sir John Saint Aubyn for his Life as aforesaid, had been demised by the said Sir William Morice to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Use of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Term of 21 Years, at the Yearly Rent of £.100. 5 s. under certain Covenants; and that, by an Act, passed in the Year 1766, to enable the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made for a Lease of Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock Yard near Plymouth, the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Father was enabled to grant Leases of certain Parcels of Land and Ground, therein particularly mentioned and described, lying near, and adjoining to, the said Dock Yard, with the Appurtenances, being Part of the Premises devised by the Will of the said Sir William Morice, 'to the said Principal Officers and Commissioners, for the Term of 21 Years; but that no Lease or Leases was or were made, by the said Sir John Saint Aubyn, in pursuance of the said Act; and that it being necessary to enlarge His Majesty’s Gun Wharf, and to build Magazines and other Works for the Use of His Majesty, at Plymouth Dock, the principal Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance did enter into a Treaty with the late Sir John Saint Aubyn, for the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose; and that, before the said Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance and the said Sir John Saint Aubyn had fixed upon a Value for the fame, the said Sir John Saint Aubyn departed this Life, leaving Issue Sir John Saint Aubyn, his only Son, an Infant; having, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the 25th Day of February 1760, committed the Care and Custody of his Children, and of their Estates and Fortune,

a 8° Februarii.

* V

14 Geo. III. a8° Februarii. 509

tune, until they should respectively attain 21 Years of Age, unto his Wife, the Petitioner, Dame Elizabeth Saint Aubyn, and also to Sir

Baronet, Reginald Pole, Esquire, and Esquire, and made them Executors thereof; and that the said Reginald Pole and William having both

died in the Lifetime of the said Testator Sir John Saint Aubyn, and the said Sir Richard Warwick having duly renounced the Guardianship, and also the Executorship of the said Will, the Petitioner the said Dame Elizabeth Saint Aubyn alone proved the said Will, in the proper Ecclesiastical Court, and took upon her-self the Execution thereof, and the Guardianship of her said Son; and that the Fields called Point Field and Wood Field are now out upon Lease, granted by the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Father, to John Spurred, for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, Two of which Lives are now in being; and that the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Son did, immediately on the Death of the said Sir John Saint Aubyn his Father, become, and is now, by virtue of the Will of the said Sir William Morice, seised of, or entitled to, the Manor and Premisesat Stoke Dammarell, thereby deviled, as Tenant in Tail, in Possession, subject to the Leases made, or agreed to be made, of Part of the said Premises; and that William Mole/worth, the Devisee of the said Sir William Morice, died some Time since, without Issue Male; and the said John now Sir John

Mo/efworth, Baronet, is living, and hath Issue Male only one Son, who is an Infant; and that the First Seven Years of the Two several Terms of Twenty-one Years, granted to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, and to the Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance, expired at Lady Day 1769; and the respective Officers have applied for, and are desirous to renew, the said Leases, for the Use of His Majesty; and the Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance have also renewed their Treaty with the said Dame Elizabeth Saint Aubyn, for the Purchase of the several Premises which the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Father was in Treaty for the Sale of to them, previous to his Death; but, although the Petitioner is well satisfied, that the renewing the said several before-mentioned Leases, and carrying the said Treaty, so entered into for the Purchase of the before-mentioned Premises, into Execution, and the granting a Leaie to the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to the Terms of the said Act of Parliament, would not only be for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Infant, Tenant in Tail in Possession, and the said Sir John Molesworth, the next in Remainder in Tail, and his Infant Son, and all Persons claiming in Remainder under the Limitations contained in the Will of the said Sir William Morice, but be of great Benefit to His Majesty’s Service, and of public Utility; yet, by reason of the Minority of the said Sir John Saint Aubyn the Son, the same cannot be effected, and carried into Execution, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fa& contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Sir John Molesworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bamestaple A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Market Gf the Borough and Parish of Barneflaple, was presented flace, &c. p}oufCj an(] read; Setting forth. That the Town

of Barncfiaple is a very ancient Borough and Port; and that the Burgesses of the said Borough have been from Vol. 34.

Time immemorial, and still are, a Corporation; and, in Right thereof, they are seised in Fee of Lands, and have Time immemorially received the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, as also of an Estate called Town Farms, distinguished by the Titles of Great Farms, Penny Halfpenny, Sheep Market, Tolfery, and -con-

siding of ftnall Customary Dues or Payments , and also of ftnall Fines, which said Dues and Fines are paid by -Persons not being Free Burgeflees, or otherwise customarily exempted; and that the Petitioners and their Predecessors have repaired, sustained, and maintained, many Edifices and Buildings, within the said Borough and Parish, made Use of by Persons trading to or from the said Port, or frequenting the Markets and Fairs within the said Borough and Parish; and that the Yearly Revenues of the said Corporation, exclusive of the said Town Farms, are very inconsiderable, confiding mostly of small high Rents for Houses, held of them by Lease for long Terms of Years, and the accidental Fines arising from such Leases, which are by no Means sufficient for the Purposes intended; and that, in some Years, the Damages done to the Quays and public Buildings have been so sudden and great, by the Tide and high Winds, that Monies have been borrowed, from Time to Time, for the Support and Maintenance thereof, and of the other Buildings; and that the Quays alone cod them lad Year much more than all the certain Annual Income of their Revenue, and in all Probability will be attended with further considerable Expences, it being at this Time necessary to enlarge some of the Quays, and to build a Wall, or make other Conveniences, for keeping out the Tide; and that at present the Weekly Markets are all held in the High Street, under large Penthouses, or Sheds fixed to the Houses, which extend so far over the said Street, as to become a great Nuisance, and very inconvenient to Passengers, and which ought to be entirely taken away, or reduced considerably; to remedy which, the Petitioners are desirous, if their Estates and Dues shall be sufficient, and are confirmed to them, to build a Market Place, for the Sale of Butchers Meat, near the High Street, for the Convenience of the Town and Country; and that a considerable Sum of Money mud now be laid out on the several Works and Buildings aforesaid, besides the Money already expended thereon; and that it will be necessary for the Petitioners to borrow and take up a Sum of Money, on the Credit of their said- Estates,

Farms, Tolls, and Dues, for the Purposes aforesaid:

And therefore praying. That, for making the said Tolls and Dues an unquestionable Security to the Lenders, they may be at Liberty to bring in a Bill for confirming to them and their Success'ors the said Farms,

Estate, ancient Tolls, and Dues, so immemorially received by the Petitioners; and for building a Market Place in the said Town, and enlarging the said Quays, and other the Purposes aforesaid; and that they may be at Liberty to borrow and take up at Interest a Sum of Money, on the Credit of the said Farms, Estates, Tolls, and Dues, in Manner before set forth, for the public Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Bruce Colling- _ Lord Bruce, Lord of the Manor of Collingbourne Ducis, bourne Duci, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of IncIo*ore* William Tomlins, Clerk, Rettor of the Parish of Collingbourne Ducis aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Copyholders, within the said Manor and Parish of Collingbourne Ducis, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Common Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and incapable of any

con-

510 a8 Februarii.A. 1774*

considerable Improvement; and it would be beneficial to all Parties interested, if Powers were given to allot, divide, and inclose the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur-ppfe aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Long and Mr. Penruddock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mildenhall A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Bruce

IncloAire. Lord Bruce, Lord of the Manor of ,in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands, Rights of Common, or other Interests, within the said Manor and Parish of Mildenhall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Common Fields and Waste Grounds, which might be greatly improved if inclosed and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Long and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Ditar. the Towns of Manchester and Warrington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That many-valuable and important Articles of Commerce are, and have been from Time immemorial, manufactured in those Towns and the Countries adjacent, to the great Emolument of this Kingdom in general, and entire Support of some Hundred Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects, who are wholly dependant thereon; and that the flourishing State of the neighbouring Port of Liverpool is of the utmost Consequence to the Petitioners, as a principal Channel through which these Manufactures are conveyed to Foreign Markets; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Merchants of Liverpool have applied for a Bill, to enable them to raise a Fund, to be applied to the Support and Encouragement of Commerce, by levying a small Tax upon Goods and Merchandize landed within the said Port; and the Petitioners are persuaded, and believe, that the Establishment of such a Fund will be of real and important Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Liverpool Petition of the Merchants of the Port of Liverpool, Port whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, Dues. and read; Setting forth. That the very great Attention shewn by the House to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, renders it frequently necessary to fend up some of their own Body from that Town to attend, during the Sitting of Parliament, on Matters of Trade, where the Interest of the Nation in general, and of this Port in particular, are immediately concerned; and that, by the great Distance of that Place from the Metropolis, the Joumies and Attendance of such Deputations occasion an unavoidable and heavy Expence; and that, above 40 Years ago, an Agreement was voluntarily entered into, by the Merchants of that Place, to admit a small Duty to be levied upon all Goods from America, for the Purpose of railing a Fund, to defray the Charge of Attendances on Parliament, and any other public Expences tending to promote and secure thd Trade of Liverpool-,which Duty was accord-

ingly collected for about 30. Years, during which Time many important Advantages accrued to the Public from the Application of such Fund to the Interest and Purposes for which it was raised; and that, within a few Years part, several Persons haverefufed the Payment of this Contribution, as partially levied upon the African and American Traders only, though all the Merchants of the Port and their European Correspondents were equally benefited; and that the Petitioners apprehend, many unavoidable Disadvantages will certainly arise, from the want of a Fund to defray the Expences aforesaid: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in, to levy a small Duty upon all Goods and Merchandizes imported or brought Coastways into Liverpool, for the general Service of the said Port, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ? SjSS ¥tred"h- 1 5 l b\r Thomas Eger ton: J

Tellers for the Noe* \ Mr‘ I

t oners ror rne: $

So it passed in the Negative.

5

21.

122.

A Petition of the resident Freemen and Free Bur- Newcastle geffes of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the ^P°ttl^ne County of the Town of Nezvcaflle upon Tyne, whose own °°r* Names are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the resident Free Burgesses, and the resident Widows of deceased Free Burgesses of the said'

Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Assizes held in and for the said Town and County, an Action of Trespass, prosecuted by the Direction, and at the Expence, of the Mayor and Common Council of the said Town, came on to be tried, between JoJkua Hopper, Plaintiff, and Nathaniel Bayles and Henry Gibson, Free Burgesses, resident within the said Town, Defendants, concerning the Right of the resident Burgesses to the Herbage or Pasturage of and in a large Parcel of uninclosed Ground, called The Tozvn Moor-, in which Action an Agreement and Order of Assize was made; in pursuance whereof, the Mayor and Common Council of the said Town, and the Stewards of the several Companies, did name Two Persons to settle and agree upon proper Restrictions and Regulations necessary for the Culture and Improvement of the said Town Moor, who have refused so to do, or to chuse a Third Person for that Purpose, as the said-Order of Assize directs; and that the said Town Moor is, in its present State, exceedingly barren and waste, yet capable of very great Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to have the same improved by a proper Course of Cultivation, and to have the said Agreement and Order of Assize carried into Execution;' and that the Cultivation and Improvement of another Parcel of Ground, lying contiguous to the said Tozvn Moor, called The Castle Leazes, to which the resident Burgesses, and Widows of deceased Burgesses, have the same Right as to the said Town Moor, would be also attended with great Benefit to them and the other Inhabitants of the said Town; And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Agreement and Order of Assize effectually into Execution, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon day last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And

14 Geo. III. 28° Fehfuarii. 511

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayers of the said Petitions: And that Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Ridley, Sir

Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Wallace, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Linen Trade. A Petition of the Printers of Linens, Cottons, and (Caiiko printer, Callicoes, residing near London, whole Names are there-Undoo.) unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that the State of the Linen Trade of Great Britain and Ireland is ordered to be taken into Consideration; and are informed, that an Application for additional Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Linens, and a further Retention of Duties upon Exportation of those Linens when printed, is intended; and that the Printing Trade is a very valuable Manufactory to this Kingdom, and pays a considerable Revenue in Excise, and has been greatly extended by the Printing of Foreign Linens for Exportation; and that, in case any additional Duties should be laid, or further Drawbacks retained on Exportation, the Petitioners would be deprived of a very considerable Part of their Trade, which has been upon the Decline for several Years: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Regulations that may be offered to be made, in the Linen Trade, that may affect them. Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants and Traders to Germany (Marchaau and and Holland, and the Dealers in Foreign Linens from CcraMi^* *c.) those Countries, resident in London, whose Names are ‘ -thereunto subscribed, was allb presented to the -House,

.and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that the present State of the Linen Trade ini Great Britain and Irel under Consideration; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that an Application is intended to be made, for a further Encrease of 'Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Linens, and a Retention of those Duties upon Exportation, and a Dif-continuance of the present Drawbacks of Foreign Linens further manufactured j and representing to the House, that the Trade carried on between England and Germany and Holland (from whence those Linens are chiefly imported) is very beneficial to-this Nation, in regard to the Value of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and of the Produce of its Colonies exported to Germany and Holland, which greatly exceeds the Imports from thence;

and that the Duties payable upon the Importation of Foreign Linens into this Kingdom are already very high, the same having been encrealed Ten per Cent, during the two last Wars with France (exclusive of other'considerable Duties IInee laid on particular Articles) but the Produce and Manufactures of Great Britain and its Colonies are admitted into Germany and Holland on low Duties; and that, in case any additional Duties should be laid on Foreign Linens, or any Burthens or Rellric-tions upon the Exportation thereof, the same may occasion Measures to be taken by Foreign Powers, which may tend greatly to discourage and lessen the Demand of Woollen and other Goods of British Manufacture and Produce from those Countries; and that the feme may also be attended with other Consequences highly prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom; and greatly encrease the Practice of Smuggling: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit them to be heard by themselves thereon.

Ditto. A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the County (Linen Mann- of Dorset, was allb presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are a large and useful Body of Men, and reduced to the greatest Distress, by the languishing State of the Linen Manufacture, which is so very low, that they and their Workmen are out of Employment; and, unless some effectual Relief can be given them, they mud be utterly ruined; and that the Petitioners conceive their Diltref? is entirely owing . VOL. 34:

to the large Importation of Foreign Linen into these-Kingdoms; which has encreased so much of late, as t<% prevent the Sale of the Home Manufacture; and they are convinced, that if an Alteration was made in the present Laws, respecting the Importation-of Foreign;

Linen; the Home Trade would revive: Arid therefo/e’ prating the House to take the Premises into Cohsideration, and to give them such Relief as flftll appfear reasonable. ‘

A Petition of the Mayor; principal Burgesses, Ditto.

Afllflants, of the Town and Borough' of ukehdmptottj (Miyor, uc. «f in the County of Devon, and of the Merchants, Mailti4 okebampton.) facturers; and others, concerned in the W-oollen1 Ttade of the said Town and Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner? are informed, that a Bill , is intended to-be brought-‘trf, to lay an additional Duty on all German Linens; and representing to the House; that if any flutlicr Birfhens - *-' -should be laid on the Importation of 'Foreign Linens,''/k tnuft materially affect and injure the W'OOUeh Trade of this Kingdom in general; and particularly distrtfe the poor Inhabitants of the said Town and BotOogfrr And therefore praying, That the House will-take theafctmitt^ Consequence into their Consideration. - V >

And the said Petitions were1 federally'ordered to4$e referred to the Consideration-' of the Committee of the whole House; to w^oft'k is tefiuted td enquire into the present State of-the- Linen Tihd* in Great Britain and Ireland y titi/df Aich of- tlfe Petitioners who have prayed tobfeheriid; are tb be heard, by themselves, in Suppbrtof tHeirTaid Petitions, before the said Committee, if thej^ think fit.: ;: ;t

1 i /1,) 1 - -. 1 #v / y y.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting jri iMeworth,

tion an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year dfi the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening Road* the Road from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the Eill Ehd of -bridge, in the said County, and from the'West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, and allb of* several (Jredi- tors under the said Act, was presented to the'House; and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of Money; have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Monies collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Road9; and that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act Be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations maide; and that the Roads from the Town of . 5/. - -

Columb, through the Parishes of St. Rvran and Little Petherick, to the Town of Padjlonv, and from thence, ' through the Parishes of Little Petherick, St. Iffey, and St.

Breock, to Wadebridge, and from Three Hole Cross Turnr pike Gate, in the Parish of Eglojhaile, to in

the Parish of St. Kexv, and from the said Three Hole Cross Turnpike Gate, to Dinham's Bridge, in the said Parish df St. Kew, and from the Guild or Town Hall, in the Borough of Camelford, to a Place called The Cleafe, and

from thence, over Trevia Down, to Polity Truckle, or High-gate, and from thence, on the Road leading to Bodmin, to Kernistock, otherwise Kenmfiock in the

Parish of Advent, otherwise St. Tarn, and from the said*

Place called The Cleafe, towards Bofcq/Ue, otherwise ifo-treanx Castle, to a Place called Four Lanes End, in the Parish of Minster, and from the said Place called Tht

Cleafe, to the Village of Trevia, in the Parish of Lante-glos, by Camelford, and from the said Guild or Town HaH to the Turnpike Gate at the Eastern End of Camel-ford, and from thence to Worihyuale Gqte, in the said Parish of 'Minster, and from the said Turnpike. Gate to

and through the Village of Tregoodioell, in the Parish of Lanteglos, by Camelford j are in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and carinot be effectually amended and-kept -in Repair by the ordinary course ot

6 1* Law:

gl$ &8 *-fiebruariL 177#

Law:, And-.therefore. praying, That Leave may Ire given to bring ip a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging; the powers, of the said Act, and for extending the - lame, tpi fhefeveral additional Roads herein-before tjeforib^df./qr appending and keeping the said Roads ip Repair,;and diat such other Amendments and Altera* tfon? may)be;made in the said Act, as the House shall

, i , ;>. . .> >:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the: - Confidepwtion'pfa jCorpmitteaAnd that they do exa-. ndne the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itlfiall

> . appear to them, tp th? House: .

: Apd it isreferred to Sir John

&jc.: And they are to meet Tp-raorrow JVIorqing, at Nine of the Clock, j in the: Speaker’s Chamber, and have Powgr.tp fend , for Perform, Paper?, and Records.

ToxtMhPark JPfitijtip* 'Richard, Rent, William Orange, John (Liv'r,p"|) iRqbfrtf,.Edward, Mqfw, Jams Thomas

*W U i®>h\Tbvn4S Nayfar, Harvey Wright, Peter Ellames, James Hollinfhenid, Peter Rigby, John: Tates, fullest,

T/^mtfS Gilbert^ John, Sut{t»\, John Johnson,: M^ary Ben-Jhw*: Jtbhn Wright, '; WiHiom< Cook* Samuel Sandys, Thomas Twifs, John Street, and

MiifdsVtMho&.ltte.Town of; Liverpool;in the County

SifidUttm.oftp-;. and) Dioeefe of Chester, was presented to Hp»fe,4nd read; Setting foi;th, That the Buildings and, Jahabitaafoi^f ;th* South Sid^ of the said Town 1*4 ve of lato Years, greatly, encyeased, and are likely so to dp; and th# j&ere is af.prefeiyt<qnly one, Churqh in the {touth Pail.qlS th^^d/Pp^p^'yyhifh is not large enough to.ppntaip the inhabitjant[s of-its; Neighbourhood; and

that the Petitioners are, at their own Expence, -erecting a new intended Church, or Chapel, within Toxteth Park, ixHfee iPariftr- iof P^^lton* but, adjoining to the Bounda-- ’, fi4s Qf PJverptoi*iWl. are proceeding to fit it up with all proper A^otpmodattons' fi.t for Divine Service :. And therefore praying* ;Xhat Leave may be given to firing in a Bill for that.PflFpose, with such Powers, and under such Regulation?, rO? to the House shall seem meet.

; Ordered^ That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittqe: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,.as it shall, appear to ,tlietu, to the House:

And.it is referred to Sir William Meredith, "Mr,. Pennant, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, atj Nine of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Rfccoids.

Shoreditch A Petition-of the Trustees appointed by, or in pur-"!?.. fuance of* several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the 10 ^c>* ’ Road leading feom The Stones End, in the Parish of Sjtint- Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, the farthenmoffc Part' of the North Road in the'Parish of jEndfield, in the fattae County, next to the Parish of Chejimt’, in the County of Hertford, and for ^mending the tRoad- from. 1 he Watch-house in , to the

Mhrkdt Place in Endfield-, and also of the several other Persons. whose. Names ace thereunto subscribed, being nefpe&tvely Owners or Inhabitants of Houses in the Parishes of i&tokeN&vutgton and in the

laid County Aif Middlesex, and of Houses in the Parish of Hackney* and other Parishes. situate by the Sides of, oc near unto, the said High Road, between The Stones End aforesaidv and the Northermost Part, of the said Parish of Tottenham. High CroJ's, on Behalf of themselves and all- other Berforis passing the said Road, and refilling at the Places afartefeid, was presented to the Hpufe, and read; Setting forth*.That several Acts were made, in the 12th Yeajvof the Reign of, Queen A#«e, and in the 1 ft and ad Years of tlfe Reign of King George the First; and the'id and 17 th Years, of the Reign, of hi? late Majesty King George the Second, and in the 8 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said-Road, from TJttStones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard

Shoreditch, to I Ik: iheimoA Part of the Northern Road

in the Parish of Endfield, And for athending the Road from the Wutch-house in Edmonton, to the Market PJacd in Endfield; and that there are great Numbers of HoufA

fuualc by the Sides of, and near to, the said HighRoid, and in other Parts of the said Parishes of Tottenham High Cross and Stoke Nczvington, the Inhabitants whereof are frequently obliged tq pals the said:Roid, as well by Night . as by Day; and that the said Road is very dangerous and inconvenient in the Winter Season, being often in the Night Time tnfelied with Robbers, which might ip-a great Measure be prevented, if the said Road wsts lighted, and a proper Guard placed thereon; arid in the Summer Time the said Road is very inconvenient, for Want of being watered -; and that the Petitioners are delirous that the said Road, from the Almfe-hoades ia Shoreditch to the Northermost Part of should

be lighted and guarded; and the said: Roadi from The Stones End, should, fwar Time to Tirne, be watered* to l’uch Distance, and in such Mariner, as the Trustees of the said Road shall, from Time tjo Time, think fit.; which wpukl be of great Utility-to the Public in gene-.raJ, as well as to-tj^i lohabitants of Houses upon and near the fanw;-the sex.|ieoce whereof may be detfjyep by a small additionalT^ll-colleifted from Persons the said Road, and by a Rate on Houses; and that fife said Parish of Stoke Newington is, very populous, and,

from its Situation, exposed to frequent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, Which might in a great Measure be remedieid, by lighting the said Parish, and establishinga proper VYatefi tin re, which the Inhabitants . thereof are very delirous' to dc>: And therefore prayii^,

That Leave may be given to bring :in a Bill for the Purposes aforel'akl, withTuqh Powers and'Authorities* and junder and lybjecf.tojl’uch Reforratipos and Restrid-.tions,. as to the House'Ifealf seem moeE . ../;

Ordered, That the said; Petition berfefenied #0 the; Consideration of ajCo^pittee; And that they dor-cx-atnine the Matter thereof; and report, the feme, as it Ihpil appear to-them, totho House:1

Arid, it is referred- so Mr. Alderman the Lord Mayor of London, he.: And;they axe; to.meet Tomorrow Morning*, at Nine of the Clock, in; the Shaker’s. Chataber. j and have Power to fend for Pen-Tons, Papers, and Records.,

1 , f t '

A Petition of Charles Howard and Eratiees lw Wife, Stoke Lady of the Maaoe of tydfe liamms/td, in the County H^mond of Bucks, and of lire llavetfend John patting a 11, Dotftor nc 104 in Diviqity, Rector Lujumfient of the Parish, Church 'there, and of the foreraj Owners and, Proprietors of Lands, , Commons, and Estates, in the Open- and Common Fields and Commonable Landis of Stoke Hdmmond aforesaid, whose Name?, afe thereunt^Tubicribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Proprietors of . the said Open and Common Fields and Commpnable.Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any confidecable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying* That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, as to the House (halfTeem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;: And that Mr.

Howard and Air. James Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons Whose Names are Godley, thereunto subscribed. Innkeepers, Publicans, and Vic- (Suney) tuallers, of the Hundred of GocBey, in the County of In-lwp*«» Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and others the Inn- c‘ keepers, Publicans, and Victuallers, of tile laid Hundred, was presented to the House,.and read; Setting forth, Th*t the Petitioners, and others the Iimkeupers,

Publicans,

%a^FbbrnaitF;

5T3

PtibfficAnSj and Viftu&ffeAoF thfe said Hundred, at;

1 tended; on! the ill of September last, it a Meeting of Justices, in Order to renew their ^Licences fot the felling <bf Ale and Beer; and that the only J'uftifeek then present Htete Sir Jbfefh Marvbey, of , in the said County erf Surrey, BarOnet, and Rowe, of Chert fey,

Esquire;-which?Renfewal they obtained, for the felling rof Ale and Beet, in the usual Form, figtfed by the said Sir Joseph Mttwbey and Rowe, Esquirfe \ and

that, finCe'the Renewal of such Licences, several of the Petitioners and others; whose Licences for Sale of Spirituous Liquors are expired, applied to the proper Officer of His Majesty’s Office of Excise, for Renewal Of such their Licences; but, on: their producing to the said Officer their Ale* and Beer Licences, signed by, the fafld Sir Jbfeph Maid bey and Nathaniel Rowd, Esquire, hfe rlfofed- -id renfew their Licence for Spirituous Liquors, ’alledging that he was restrained by Law*froth so doing, they not1 haring‘at good and Valid Licence for the Sale of Ale and Beer, as the said Licences'were 4igried by Sir Joseph Mawbey, then a Partner, or being a Person interested, in a Malt Distillery, and as such by ' LaW disqualified front signing Licences for Ale, Beer, or other Liquors; and that, the Time appointee! by Act of Parliament, for renewing Licences being elapsed, ' 1 thfe Petitioners are advised, they cannot Carry oh their

" Trades* without incurring the fereral Pains, Penalties,

and Disabilities', imposed and created by the Laws in Force, against Persons selling Ale, Beer, and Spirituous Liquors, without Licences; and that the brefent unfortunate Condition of the Petitioners is such, ^though it has not arisen from any Fault or Neglect Oh their Part, that they must cither qiiit the Pursuit of theif Trades, by which they haveriiithefto fobfifled, or tender them-FePvete liable to thfe Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities, before mentioned, Which, rn either Cafe, may end in the Ruin of themselves arid Families: And therefore praying the 'House, to take their unhappy same into serious Consideration, and to grant them such Indemnification and Belief in the PremisesaS to the House shall seem ineet. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition do 1 lie upon the Table.

Booksellers A Petition of the Booksellers of London and West-CopyRights, mhtffer, en Behalf df themselves and others. Holders of ic- Copy Right, was preferited to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queeri Ann, for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the ChpieS of printed Books in the Authors and' Pdrchafers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, thd Authors or Proprietors of such Books as had beeh then printed, were to have the foie Liberty ofrfeprinring arid publishing the fame, for the Term therein mentioned i and that the Petitioner^ have conRant'ly appreherided, that tire said Act did not interfere with any Copy Right that might be inverted-in the Petitibriers by the Common Law; and have therefore, for many Years pad, continued to purchase and fell fuciy Copy Rights, the, same Manner as if such Act had never been made j and that the Petitioned were Confirmed in such their Apprer hensions, in regard' that no Determination was' had, during the Peribd limited by the said Act, in Prejudice of such Common Law Right; and the Fame was recognized by a Judgment in the Court King’s Behch, lii EaflerTerm 1769; and that; in consequence thereof, many Thousand Pounds have bfeen, at different Times, inverted in the Purchase of ancient Copy Rights, not’ pfbtefted by 'the Statute of Queeri Anti, lo that the Support of many Families does in a'great Meafofe depend upon the fame; and that, by a late Decision of thd House of Peers, such Common Law Right of Authors' unci their Assigns hath been declared to have no Existence, whereby tire Petitioners will be very great Sufferers, through their former involuntary Misapprchcft-Vot. 34-

lions of the Law: Aril therefore p^jdrig the House,' to takp'tlfeir'Jihgularly haVd'Cafe irith Consideration, and to grant them such' Relief in the Preftifes as to thfe 'House shall seem mfefet:' ,

Ordered, That the said Petition bqfeferred to the 'ConGdetariori of 1 Committee: AtiidtHal they do;examine,' {bid Hate to'thfe Hb'Use, the; Matter of Fast*contained in the said, Petition: " " ~‘J ' ' r;'

And it is referred, to Mr.' Alderfhan1 'Mri

Burkef&tc.: And they are to fneet Tomorrow , MbVu-ing;,at Nine Of the Clock, in the Speaicer’s^fiafob'erjj and have Power to fciid for Persons! Papers, ana

ReCords

'1

Ordered} "Fhat thfere be feud befdredhi'S'rfpufe; a List; Ditto, and Transtript, of the Entries In thd 'Register Book the Company of Statidnfers, with the respective Dates of such Entries; of all Books to thfe Copies Whereof an Claims kre nqw made. With tlfe ^atrifeS of the.Perfb’ns claiming Title fh'eihtq. j‘ V,

A Petition of the feVriral PeHon?1 whole Names iffe w«ftmorei«n4 thereunto subscribed,' qeing Owners and' Proprietors off Hall. MessuageSj Land^,7ahd ^fiehetn'ents, within the County of WeJfrnoYitdftd, was presented to the Hdyfe, a,nd read;

Setting forth-. That" the Sliirp Hall of the said County,

'wlferi' the Assizes, SdffionS of the Peace, County Courts* and ‘Mfeetings for the Administration of Justice, and other Ihiblic Services of the said County, are holden, is in a ruinous Condition, and very incommodious; and that it is necessary that the said Shire Hall and Buildings belonging thereto lbotlld1 be taken dowh, and new ones erected, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may bfe' given to bring in a Bill for pulling down the said Shiie 'Hail arid Buildings lhere' unto belonging, and' for l^-building the lame, and fojr Fuch’other Relief aS to the^House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said' Petition be referred tb the ' Consideration of a.Committee: And tbaf they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the Fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Lo%vthtrt Mr. Robinson, &c.: And thriy are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of tire ClpCk, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend fbf Persons, Papers, arid Records.

A Pedlibn' of John Pe^rd/t, Esquire^ Lord' bf 'lhe Bdibroujhtpa Manor of fyiarts Bell', Ifi tlfe Pkrish of I®"®"1"*

she County of^ xtVarcifler, John' Trijtrath, Esquire, and(

Afion Narrii, Esquire, Owners and Proprietors of La'n^ within the said Manor, arid of the several bidier Persons whose Names are thereunto ’ subscribed. Freeholders of! and interested in, divers Other Lands and Terietnenfs vtithin the said Manor, was presented, so the Hbnfe, ap‘^ lead; Setting forth. That' there is, within the fold Manor* a cofrimon Heath, Or Watlfe Ground, called Bell Heath, which is uriinclosed, and contains, by Estimation, 206 Acres, or thereabouts, which at' present affords little, ojj no Advantage, but is capable of great imprbvemerif and the same would, if divided arid iriclosed, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein! and of public Utility: Arid therefore praying. That Leave may be given so bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Common or Waste Ground called Bell Heath, in the Manor of Brians Bell, in the Parish or BellbroUghtori, in the County of fVorcester aforesaid, unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in fufeh Manner as tb the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dvzvdefwell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and firing io, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ldehem thereunto ftibfcriBed, being Owners and Occupiers of Inclose. Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within

the

A

Bewdley,

Sue.

Roads,

a8° Fefyntarii* r; 1774.

the Manor of Laleham and otherwise Lalehatn

Billets, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was pfefented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor, there are certain large and open Fields, wherein the Property of the Owners are greatly intermixed, and also certain Walles, or Commons, wherein the Petitioners and others have certain Rights in Common; and there is likewise within the said Manor, or appurtenant to the Messuages and Lands within the l'aine, a large Failure called Bar way, wherein

the Owners and Occupiers thereof have Farines, or Cattle Gates, in Common, at certain Times of the Year, according to ancient Custom; and that the said Property in the said Fields lying intermixed and dispersed, renders the Cultivation and Improvement thereof very inconvenient; and the said Commons, or Walles, lying open and not improved, and the said Pallure being undivided, render the same less advantageous to the Owners ar\d Occupiers thereof than otherwise the same would be: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and improving, the said -Open Fields, Walles, or Commons, and Pallure, amongst the.Owners and Proprietor s thereof, according to their respective Rights therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-'strictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, 'pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Captain Johnstone and Mr. Howard do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trullees appointed by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King. George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Town of Bewdley, in the County to the

" several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of " JVoYceJier and Salop, respectively," and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto also subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Bewdley aforesaid, and of other Places adjoining or lying near to the said Roads, was presented to the House, gnd read; Setting forth. That several large Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, and some Progress has been made in repairing the said fypads; but the >Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be completed, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Monies, borrowed repaid, unless some additional Tolls are granted, the Term of the said Act enlarged, and the Act in some other Respects made more effectual; and that the Road from a Place, called 7 'heDeer hanging Bank to the Village of Areley, in the County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law; and that the Streets in the Towns of Bewdley and Cleo-bury Mortimer are much cut and damaged by the Timber and heavy Carriages going along the fame, and are greatly out of Repair, and cannot be amended by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave ‘rryiy be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to amend, widen,.and keep in Repair, the above-mentioned additional Road and Streets, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as jt shall appear to them, to the House:

’ And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power . to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.'

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names af£ Sandbnttoa thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Houfg, and before, read > Setting forth, That, within; the Township of Sandhutton, in the Parish of Boffall, , in the North Riding of the County of York, there is a Common Moor, or Parcel of Wade - Ground, called Saudhutton Moor, containing, by Estimation, .1^200, Acres, or thereabouts, which is at present incapable uf much.Imr provement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and speciflc Shares thereof allotted to, and veiled in, the several Persons interested, and Compensation; made for ,tji,e Vicarial Tithes, it would lie very advantageous to the Petitioners and the rest of the; Proprietors, and be of public Utility And therefore praying, That'*

Leave may be given tjo..bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said. Moor, or Parcel of Waste Ground, and for making a Compensation for the Vicarial Tithes of the said Township of Sandhutton, in such Manner, and ,under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Cholmley do prepare, and bring in, the lame. , ..

A Petition of 'Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, -was prff? Carlto* sent’ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner of the Common Ferry over the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York, commonly called Carlton,

which is the nearest Communication and Road from the City of York, and the Market Towns of Cawood, and several other Towns in the said County, to the Market Towns of Smith, Thorne, and Bawdry, in the said County, and to in the County of Lincoln, and to the City of Lincoln-, and that the said Ferry is very, frequently dangerous, and fotne-times impalfable, and is a great Hindrance and Inconvenience to Persons having Occasion tp pals oyer the said River; and that the Petitioner is willing and dc-firous to build a Bridge, at his own Expence, over the said River, at, or as near as conveniently may be to the said Ferry, for the greater Safety and Convenience of Passengers over the said River: And therefore praying.

That Leave may- be given to bring in a Bill for building ' a Bridge cross the River Air, from or near the Ferry . '

House at Carlton aforesaid, to the opposite Side or '

Shore, and for maintaining and supporting the fame, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles,

&c.: And. they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, lord of Carlton the Manors of Carleton and Camblesfort in the several *n<J. ParilRes of Smith and Drax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro-, prietors of Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Estates, within and belonging to the several Town ships or Territories of Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid; and all or so much of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Drax, Langrick, otherwise Long Drax,

Barlfiw, and Burn, in the said County of as drain through a certain Gowt or Clough, near thereto, called Lendill, otherwise Lane End Gozvt, or Clough, or which may receive Benefit by such Drainage, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within and belonging to the Manors and Townships or Territories of Carleton and Camblesforth, several Open 6 Fields,

14 Geo. III. 28° FebruariL 515

Fields, containing together, by Estimation, 350 Acres, or thereabouts, and certain Marshes, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 180 Acres, or thereabouts; in which the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners and other Persons lie intermixed* and are inconveniently situated; and also a Common, or Moor, called Camblesforth Comm, containing 600 Acres, or

thereabouts, and several other small Commons, useless and unprofitable Lanes, Banks, and Waste Grounds, within and belonging to Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid, or one of them; and that the Lands and Grounds, as well in Carlton and as in Drax Langrick,

otherwise Long DraX, Barlow, and Burn, or great Part thereof, are subject to be overflowed, or otherwise pre* judiced or annoyed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said several Open Fields, Marshes, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, Commons, or Moor Banks, and Waste Grounds, within and belonging to Carlton and Camblesforth, were divided and inclosed, and the several Laftds and Grounds in Drax Langrick, otherwise Long Drax, Barlow, and Burn, were drained, it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors, and would be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Marshes, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and the Commons or Moor Banks, and Waste Grounds, within and belonging to Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid, and for draining the fame, and the several Lands and Grounds in Drax Langrick, otherwise Long Drax, Barlow, and Burn, aforesaid, which are subject to be overflowed with, or otherwise prejudiced or annoyed by. Water, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Sir Thomas

Frankland, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Freeport*. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty,

(Barbadoes.) of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Liberty for Foreign Vessels to enter the Ports of Barbadoes, with Commodities of the Growth and Produce of America, out of His Majesty’s Dominions (except certain Articles) and that the Petitioners are convinced that the Opening of the Ports of the Islands in the West Indies will be a considerable Advantage to the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the National Trade and Commerce: And therefore praying. That the Ports of the said Island of Barbadoes may be opened, agreeable to the Prayer of the said Petition, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonal--(Antigua, ty, Qf the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of &c-' Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for a Bill for making the Ports of Saint John and Parham, in the Island of Antigua, free Ports; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, that the said Island has greatly suffered, and that it is now in a declining State, and in want of Assistance to restore it to its former good Condition; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly sensible of the great Utility which results to the Public in general from free Ports: And therefore praying. That a Bill may pal's, for making John and Parham in the said Island of Antigua, free Ports.

Yol. 34.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Vestrymen of St. Stephen’* the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, whose (Bri‘to') Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves ur£c^ar and the Landholders of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church belonging to the said Parish is inclosed by sundry old and ruinous Buildings, and thereby the Lanes, Ways, and Avenues thereto are very narrow and incommodious; and that the Church Yard, or Burying Place, laying next the said Church, is too finall; and that, in order to make more convenient Avenues to the said Church, and enlarge the Burying Place, the Petitioners have contracted for the Purchase of some Ground, and also several of the said old and ruinous Buildings, and have treated for the Purchase of some others; but are unable to effect the fame, for want of sufficient Monies for that Purpose; and that the Persons who are possessed of the said Buildings and interested therein are incapable of felling and conveying the same; and that the said Inconveniences might be remedied, and commodious Ways and Passages made to and from the Quays and other principal Places near the said Church, if the Petitioners were enabled to widen, enlarge, and alter, the said Lanes,

Ways, and Passages, and to alter and enlarge the said Burying Place, and to purchase the several Houses,

Buildings, and Ground, 'that may be necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes abovementioned, with Power to raise Money for effecting the fame, and with such other "

Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brickdale, Lord Clare,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen j Settle, and principal Inhabitants, in and about Settle, Skipton,

Bradford, and Leeds, in the County of York; Lancaster,

Liverpool, Wigan, and Coin, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and Kirkby, Lonsdale, and Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Cut, or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be conveniently made, from the Town of Settle, through the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of Long Preston, Hellifield, Stvinden,

Newfholme, West Horton, Stock, and West Marton, to a Close called Priest Bank Close, in the Parish of Barnoldf-wick, in the said County of York, there to join the Canal which is now making, from Leeds to Liverpool; and that the said Cut, or Canal, will open a cheap, easy, and commodious Communication, not only between the said Town of Settle and Country adjacent, and the several Townships and Places through which the same is intended to be made, but also from those Places, to the several Trading Towns of Skipton, Keighley, Bradford,

Leeds, Halifax, Huddersfield, and the Two great Ports of Hull and Liverpool; and that the Conveyance of Coals, Timber, Stone, Lime, Manure, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, will thereby be greatly facilitated, rendered less expensive, and will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactories carried on in those Parts, will very much tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, the Relief of Poor, and the Preservation of the public Roads, and will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying,

b Q That

Frafer’s

forfeited

Estate.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Town of Settle, to Priejl Bank Close aforesaid, there to join the Canal which is now making from Leeds to in such

Manner, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir Richard Sutton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Major General Simon Frafer, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned; and recommends the same to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for annexing certain forfeited Estates to the Crown, all and every the Estates whatsoever which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the Attainder of Simon late Lord were

unalienably annexed to the Crown of these Realms; and that, sensible as the Petitioner is of the Propriety of the said Act, he hopes his particular same will appear to the House so distinguished from others, as that it may be made an Exception; and that, in the Year 1747, Proof was brought before Parliament of the Means used to involve the Petitioner in the late unnatural Rebellion, at an Age which made it impossible for him to refill such Means; and that, for some Time before the Attainder of the said Simon late Lord Lovat, his Estates were settled by a Deed of Entail, which came to Trial before the Court of Session in Scotland, and upon which the Judges were so divided in Opinion, that the Estate was determined to be forfeited by a Majority of One Voice only; and though some of the ablest Counsel in England advised an Appeal from that Judgment, yet no Appeal was brought, in Deference to the Views which Government then entertained with respect to such Estates, and in Hopes that Time would afford an Opportunity to the Petitioner of recommending his Cale to the public Favour; and that the Petitioner having been lent to GlaJ'gow at Ten Years of Age, was from that Time always educated under Mailers the moll distinguished for Zeal and Attachment to the Constitution and Government of this Country; and he proved his Adherence to the Principles of that Education, by rejecting the Offer of a Regiment in the French Service immediately after the Rebellion, when he had nothing to rely on but the Hope he entertained of becoming a useful Subject of this Country, by dedicating his Life to its Service; and that he took the earliest Opportunity of soliciting to be employed at the Beginning of the last War, and was soon after called upon to quit a Profession which he had embraced as the moll independent Situation in Time of profound Peace, he raised in a few Weeks 1,800 Men, and had the Honour to-command a Regiment composed of them, with which he served during the Courl'e of the War in America; and it was his good Fortune to be the first who offered to set that Example, which, in its Consequences, proved advantageous to the State, by calling forth from a Corner of the Kingdom, many Thousand Soldiers, who, in every Quarter of the Globe, contributed to the Glory and Success of that War; and that the Petitioner has arrived at the Rank of Major General in His

A. 1774.

Majesty’s Service, and, since the Peace, has been-employed, by His Majesty’s Commands, in the Service of a Power whose Alliance this Country has always deemed important: And therefore praying, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner the Estate which belonged to the said late

Lord Lovat, and which was annexed to the Crown by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, subject to such A nnual Quit Rent as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Gentlemen, of the County Palatine of Durham, at the Affixes holden at the City of Durham, on the Third Day of August 1773, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting several Provisions in the Acts made for apprehending Highwaymen, Burglars, and Persons guilty of Offences within the Act commonly called " The Black " Act;" and Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, and for ascertaining their Fees, and the Fees for filing out their Patents and passing their Accounts, Provision is made for re-paying the Sheriffs the Money they shall disburse in Payment of such Rewards, immediately upon the same being so disbursed; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, on the making of the said several Acts of Parliament, the Legislature intended that the same should be general* and extend to all the Counties ard Cities of this Kingdom; but the Judges who have come the Northern Circuit, upon being applied to for Certificates of the Conviction of such Offenders in the said County, in order to entitle the Appre-henders, and Convidlors of them to such Rewards, have always refused to give such Certificates, thinking that the said several Acts do not extend to the said County, as the Sheriff of the said County is not the Sheriff of, or appointed by, the Grown, but has been immemorially appointed, by Patent, by the Bishop of and has

no Accounts to pass or keep with His Majesty; and which Idea having become too univerlally known, the said County has in several Instances, and may in many others, become a Place of Refuge for the most desperate and determined Villains; and that the Petitioners and all the other Inhabitants of the said County contribute equally with others to the Support of Government, by the Payment of all public Taxes and Levies, and other Duties, and therefore conceive they are equally entitled to the Protection thereof in their Persons and Properties: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to give Leave for bringing in a Bill, to make the said several Acts of Parliament, with respect to the Rewards to be given for apprehending Highwaymen and other Offenders therein-mentioned, extend to the said County Palatine, and so that the Judge, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, may have a Power, by his Certificate, to ascertain and fix the Money to be paid as a Reward, at any Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, as in his Discretion he shall think fit; and that the Petitioners may be thereby relieved, in the Matters aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of FaCl contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Thothas Clavering, Sir White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ;. and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir

28° Februarii.

Durham; Highwaymen, &c.

14 Geo. III.

tle&ions. Sir Edward AJUey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render perpetual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials " of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, to explain and anlend the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Keyingham A Petition of William Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure. Manor of Keyingham in in the East Riding

of the County of York, and of Esquire,

Thomas Oivji and James Nicholson, Gentlemen, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Township of Keyingham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Township, divers Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and the Freehold and Copyhold Parts thereof so intermixed, that, in their present Situation, they are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Eastham A Petition of the Most noble George Duke of jfarham chester, Lord'of the Manor of and Barham, and

c 0 ure’ the humble Petition of those, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commonable Grounds, and Commons, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of ton and Barham, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Re-strictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ludlow and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fitzmaurice’s <'ir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported

Estates. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Right honourable Isaac Barri, One of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, the honourable Thomas

maurice, and David Roberts, Esquire; That he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses -

rice, Esquire,; deceased, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Sir Thomas Clavering moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of U/yffes Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his

Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And

VOL. 34.

5*7

that Sir Thomas ClaVering and Mr. Dowdeswell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Newfound-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lant* Fishery. to consider of allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of -foundland, for the Benefit of the Fishery there,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. RobinJ'on reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Mr. Robinson accordingly reported from the said Com*

mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease be allowed to be exported to the Island of Newfoundland, under certain Restrictions, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cooper, the Lord Clare, and Mr. Brickdale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act, Salted Beef, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Pork, &c. Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " land, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

" from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Gum to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Senega, upon the Bill.for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon " Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or " exported from, Great Britain; and for confining the " Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only,". be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Selby Counsel upon the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal.

Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Town drip of Holbeck, near Leeds, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of York.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And

28° Febru

518

28° Februarii. — 1

A. 1774.

And the Counsel for the Bill was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Bath, A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are ^wRoad*C* ^ereunto subjoined, in Behalf of themselves and others n w oa . ref1(jing near> or frequently travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Two Turnpike Roads from Devizes and Chippenham, to the City of in the County of Somerset, unite into One Road near the Village of Bathford, from whence the Road now follows the bending of the River Avon, and come into the North East End of the said City, where it again divides into Two Roads or Streets, one of which leads to the upper Part of the Town, and the other pafies through a narrow Street to the lower Part of the Town; and that, if a 'Turnpike Road was carried, by a Bridge across the River Avon, from the present Road, near to Bathford, and from thence to or near the Village of Hampton, and from thence to or near the Village of Bathwick, and from thence to the new Bridge lately built across the said River, near to the Old Ferry, a considerable Distance might be saved, a commodious Entrance to the Center of the City of Bath might be opened, by an easy Road with very little Ascent, and an agreeable Road for Airing provided for those who resort to that Place for the Use of the Waters: And therefore praying. That' Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, and repairing, the said Road, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Sutton, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Mar tit;

Anno 14° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

SIR John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the Parish

of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Part ies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, 1

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax, at 13*. 11 a Year; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at £.5. 19*. 6 a Year) and

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Corn* mon Fields, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, called redy Field and Afi Mead, within the Parish of,

in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads near Hockmoo, the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Nor- &c-manton, and IVinkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are ,to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cropredy

Inclosure.

Inclosure.

Sutton St. Ann’s, Sec. Inclosure.

Drainage.

Butterton,

Sec.

Inclosure,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's, otherwise Sutton Bonnington, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom March and the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual, an Wimblington Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his. (SthDiflria) late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cam-

" bridge," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth Difiritt, in the said Act described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons who are possessed of 16 Acres of Land, who could not be met with, and that the Whole of the Lands comprized in the Act contain 663 Acres and upwards) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom WertRedford

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in

the

Bishop’s

Itchington,

See.

Indoi'ure.

Old Stratford Sec. lndofure.*

Westxrtlrftler Nightly Watch, Sec.

St. Giles and Bloom fbury Poors Rate, See.

*4 Ge& III. i° Martil. 518

tW Parish olWef Attfordin the Cdtlhty of Nottingham,

ivak committed; ri'hdt the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and ifbund the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theif Cohfent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Ohe Perl'ori possessed df Two Cattle Gates, but whd had no Land; and that the whole Number of Acres in the said Fields amountsto 535, eXcltifive of the Meadows and Common Pastures; Arid that no Per-foh appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made levera! Amendments thereunto; which they fiad directed him to report to the House; and hC read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the kill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,' One by One; add, upon the Question feveratly piit thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the AiWendrfients, be ingrafted.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, tic-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fe-vera'l Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bishops Itching-ton Heath, Cirrifimas Hill, Palmers Furze, The O//, and'

Commonable Places, within the Parish of Itching-

ton, in the Courity of Warwick And the same was recto ""d 1 and read the Firffc Time.

Refoljed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwrth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fer dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Corhmoh Meadows,- Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in- the County of'

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read' a'Secohd'Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to'thd froufe, accord-, irtg tb* Order,* a* Bill fbf the better Rbguldtion of the Nightly Watch arid Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and*Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein1 mentioned: Arid thC same was re-cAved; arid read the First'Tiiiie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from tile Committee, tty wllofri the Petition of the Vestrytiien of the Parishes of5 Saint Giles i)fthe Fields, arid Saint ,' Bl'domsbury,

ift'the County of Middiefix, whole Names ate thereunto subscribed,' in Behalf of tliemlclves and other inhabitants of tile laid Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mtitter of tile said Petition; arid had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,' to the House; and he read the Report in his Plice; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as follow-' eth; viz.

To proVe the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Albert Robinson, being examined, laid, That there are now 5°° Persons in the Workhouse belonging to the' laid rarishes; that the Laws are insufficient for collecting the -Podrs Rate, and no Power is given to the Churchwardens tb make Rules for regulating the Poor; that One Cause of the Deficiency of the Rate i4 owing to Te-vbral Hdufcs being-held by One Landlord, and let out ifiTerierrtents: And tire Witness ftlrther laid. That the

S'Writing further Powers for making and collecting the jors Hatfe, and for better ordering, employing, and re.-gulAtirigy the said'Poor,; would tend to theif Relief and be of great Eafc to the Inhabitants.

MK John Stableconfirmed the aforesaid Evidence. Ordered, Th'at'LedvObe given tb bring- in a Bill for ttettelr governing and emplbying the Poor, arid making anti, collecting, the- Poors liites, within the Parillies of VbiA 34.

Saikt Giles in the "Fields and Saint George in

the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Ayr Committee, to whom the Petition of the rrioft noble Bank. Henry Duke of Buc'cleugh, and the most noble Charles Duke of Queensbury and Dover, in Behalf of themselves and the other Copartners of the Bariking Company, iri that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it jp at the Clerk’s Table: Where th& same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It apj>eared by the Evidence of Robert Mayne, Esquire Banker in London, That the Petitioners and others dict in the Year 1769, enter into Partnership, for carrying on the Banking Business in Scotland, and subscribed a Capital of 160,000 for that Purpose; and that he has been their principal Correspondent in London, ever since they commenced Business, in November 1769.

That in June 1772, the Partnership were reduced tb the utmost Distress, for want of Money to pay their Bills then becoming due from Day to Day, owing to the great Quantity of Bills they had then running on them, and to the Failure of many Houses here, and in Scotland, at that Time.

That such of the Managers of the said Company,' ak were then in London, finding it impossible for them tp pay their Bills, without railing Money for that Purpose by Sale of Annuities, were for some Time extremely doubtful, Whether they should submit to this unprofitable Method' of saving themselves, or flop Payment, which at that critical Time, when Public Credit had ipet With so severe a Check, would have occasioned the Failure of many Companies both in Scotland and England, with1 Whom they werC connected; but that after much Chn-fiderdtion, they thought it would be more for the Interest of Public Credit, to raise Money by Sale of Annuities, upon the very disadvantageous Terms mentioned in the Proposals set forth in the Petition, rather than fuffcr fa many People to be distressed on their account; and that: accordingly, in June 1772, and the.Two following Months, they raised ^.450,000 and upwatds, by Sale of Annuities; and a great Part of the Money raised by such Sale, wal applied to the Payment of such of their Bills as were' payable at his House; and that the Transe action respecting the raising of Moneyby Sale of Annuities, was approved of by the Company, at their next General Meeting, in November 1772.

That the Witness has paid the Annuitants their Aiv nuities, as they became due, ever since; and knows the Amount of the Sum raised was £.450,000 and upwards, for which they pay near 60,000 a Year: That he was present at a General Meeting of the Proprietors, held at Edinburgh, in Augtift last, when they came to a unanimous ltesolution of giving up the Business of Banking; and the Persons mentioned in the Petition, or any Three of* them, were then appointed a Committee, for managing and winding up their Affairs; and thal at another'

General Meeting, held in December last. Sir Adolphus Oughton, and Messieurs Lockhart and Syme, were added to the said Committee.

That the Witness has in his Possession, the original Proposals made to the Annuitants, which are exactly the same as stated in the Petition, and are'signed and accepted by a considerable Number of the Annuitants; and another Copy of the said Proposals is lodged in the Hands of Richard Glover, Esquire, which is likewise signed by^a considerable Number of the Annuitants;

6 R Richard

c 20 i° Martii. A. 1774.

Rickard Glover, Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Mayne, except that Part of it, relating to the Transaction of adding Three Persons to the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the most noble Henry Duke of the most noble

Charles Duke of Queensbury and and others, for

redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company; and that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dempster, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr.

CuJl,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HcttftaH’s Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom RoadT ^ie ^et'tlon of several of the Trustees named and ap-

?Dinted in, or by virtue of, an Act, passed in the ,25th ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from HenjhalfsSmithy, upon Cranage Green,

" through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the " South Guide Post in Mere and Hill, to the

" Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine o " and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the " County of Lcncaster, and from Buck/ow Hill aforesaid " to Penny's Lane, near in the said. County of Chester ,"was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table': Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Samuel Wright, Esquire, being examined,.produced an. Extract from the Books, kept by him as Treasurer to-, the Trustees; whereby it appeared, that £. 500 is owing on’the First District of Road, £.icoo on the Second, and A35° on the Third District: And being asked, he said. The Money borrowed, together with the Tolls, had been duly appliecj^n amending the said Roads; but that the same cannot be completely repaired and kept in Repair, nor the said Debt be paid on, unless the Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and a further Term granted: And he produced an Account, balanced and signed by Five of the Trustees, whereby it appeared that he has £.8(> in Hand, belonging to One DistriCj:, and that the other Two Dilirifts are indebted to him, about £.40: Then,

Mr. Thomas Wright, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect to the State of the Roads.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pafl’cd in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henjhalf s upon Cranage Green,

through the Town of Nether and by the

South Guide Post in Mere, and Bncklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Buckloiv Hill aforesaid to Penny's Imhc, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester: And that Mr. Eger ton and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Aiheton’s A Bill to enable Thomas Asheton, Esquire, and his Sons, N,ine’ and- the Heirs Male of tjicir Bodies, to take and ulc the Surname of Smith, pursuont to the Will of William Smith,

Esquire, dcccaled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Mr. iTfer-

tf/u, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Bank of Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Scotlan<1* Company of the Bank of Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. j

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It appeared to your Committee by an Act, made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1695, intituled,

" An Act for erecting a Bank in Scotland," That a Joint Stock amounting to £.1,200,000 Scots, or £.100,000 Sterling, was allowed to be raised and paid in Manner therein directed; and that £.1000 Scots should be the lowest, and £.20,000 Scots the highest.

Sum which any One Person should be allowed to subscribe. — And by the said Act it was declared, That the Persons subscribing to the said Stock should be a Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland-, under which Name they were to have perpetual Succession, and a Common ,-

Seal; and certain Rules were prescribed for the better ordering and Management of their Affairs.

George Farquhar Kinloch, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the said Bank has proved a great National Advantage; and it would be highly beneficial to the:

Commerce and Interest of that Part of the Kingdom, if the Capital Stock of the said Bank was increased.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-: "

sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- 1

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Clyde mittee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Navigation, Town Council- of the City of Glafg was referred; -That the Committee had examined the Matter of the: said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the:

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, it in at; the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is, as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late.

Majesty King George the Second, for improving the -Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, > -

and for building a Bridge across the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and also, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present;

Majesty, for the making and widening a Passage or Street-from the Saltmercate Street, in the City of Glasgow, to.

Saint Andrew's Church in the said City, and for enlarg--ing and completing the Church Yard of the said Church, and for making and building a convenient,

Exchange or Square in the said City, and also for explaining and amending the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; were read: And,

Mr. John Wi/fon, being examined, said. That, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Acts, a Bridge was built at Glasgow, and opened the ill Day of November 1772; that the Tolls authorized to be. taken for passing over the fame, were Twice set by public Auction, and let the First Time for Sevea Months, at £.270, then for One Year at £.464; that the Income has not proved sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed for, and expended in, building the said Bridge; and that all the Avenues leading thereto, were completed: And being asked, how much Money was expended in building the Bridge ? he laid.

That in July last, when the Account was settled by the- *.

Commissioners, the Sumamountedto£.i3,693;i2r. 1 id,

including

r ° Martin

including the Price of the old Bridge, and the Wings and Avenues to the new one. And being further examined, he laid, It would open a! nearer Communication to the Town, from many Parts of the Country, and be of Public Utility and Convenience, if the old Bridge at Glasgow was widened, the same being so narrow that Carriages cannot pass each other upon it, and much out of Repair.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of

gow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of ;and Part of

another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for. repairing, widening, and enlarging, the Old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of to

the Village of Gorbelli: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr fione, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' f ' ’ - , '

Staunton ijigrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

ladoture. ancj Common Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that, the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William rdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Abbot’s Ann Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom

inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common. Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbot's Ann, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had. examined the Allegations of . the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Five.Persons, whose Property in the said Fields are Four Yard Lands and a Hair, who did not chuse to i lign the Bill; and that the whole Property in the said

Fields is 48 Yard Lands and a half; and that no Period appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in' his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once react throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be ingrossed. , .

Waddrfdon A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Indofare. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common G rounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of in

the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ‘ ‘

Kingdom Sir Ofvuald reported from the Committee, to whom J?ot£gn the Petition of Robert Hamilton, Esquire, Provost, *k cer* and others the Magistrates and Town Courifellors, of the Borough of Kingdom, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Vol. 34.

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read j and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer; which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or laid, within the Town of Kingdom, and Liberties thereof; was read: And,

John Spottifivoode, Esquire, ihformed your Committee,

That the Purposes, for which the said Duties were granted, cannot be completed within the Term granted by the said Act; And that it would be of great Advantage to the said Town, if the Term of the said Act is continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue an Act-, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King the Second, for

laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tap-ped, or fold, within the Town of Kingdom, and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Oswald and Slip Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the famcj

Mr. Kennedy reported from the Committee, to whom Ayr the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Road«; in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Town of Ayr, and the Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Gilbert Machaffie, being examined, laid. That some Progress has been made in repairing the said . Roads; and several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads completed and kept in Repair, unless thd Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged and made more effectual.

And the Witness said. That the Road leading from Stewartoun to Beith, and- the several other Roads mentioned in the Petition, are in many Parts very bad and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by. the present Mode of Statute Service.

Ordered, That Leave be* given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr-, and for repairing and widening certain other Roads, within the said County of Ayr: And that Mr. Kennedy and Mr. James Stewart do prepare, and bring in,-the fame.

A Bill for enabling the Right honourable John Earl j>unton Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields, Inclosunt in the Parish of Dunton,. in the County of Bucks-, and for veiling certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and so,r making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Frantis Vincent, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadow,

Ritcliflre «pon Wreak I&dofure.

Begley

Inclosuit.

Linen T r&de* (Bristol.)

Ditto;

(Frome.)

Ditto.

(Tiverton.)

Ditto.

(Exeter.)

Ditto.

(Creditqn^)

Ditto.

(Taunton.)

KA1 i° Martiu A. 1774.

Meadow. Failure, and alt other Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Ralcliffe in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Mr. Lowndes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Binering, and Greffenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the

Liberty of ShecpwaJJc called Beetley Sheepwalk; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the fakl Parish erf Beetley, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Act ley, Mr. De Grey, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of Bristol trading to Germany and Holland, and dealing in Linens imported from those Countries, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made, to lay an additional Duty upon all Linens imported into- this Kingdom from Germany or Holland, without allowing any Drawbacks on Exportation; which* if allowed, the Petitioners apprehend, Mealiujes may be taken Abroad, to lay Imposts- upon the Manufactures of this Kingdom, which may not only deprive great Numbers of the Poor Manufacturers of the Means of providing for themselves and Families, but alia leften the Demand for the Goods and Produce of Inch Manufactures; and that the Exportation of such Foreign Linen- may be abridged, and that Branch of Business be inevitably thrown into the Hand's of Foreign Powers, Rivals in the Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, to take the Pre-, mises into Consideration, and prevent the Evils so justly apprehended.

A Petition of the-principal. Inhabitants of the Town of Frome in the County of was also presented

to the House, and-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners carry on. large and extensive Trades in the Woollen Manufactory, but have, for some Time part, sensibly. experienced.* considerable Decrease in the Sale of their Goods; and that the Petitioners apprehend; any; Encouragement of the Linen Trade will prove injurious to the Woollen Manufactory -in goneral, and materially affect the Landed Interest of this Country; And;therefore praying the House, to take the Matter into; their, mod serious ConCderation, and grant such Relief, in the Premises as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Byrgefies, Assistaoits, principal Inhabitants, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade of the Town and Parifir of Tiverton, in the County of And

also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants and’Manufacturers of Woollens of the City of and County

of the fameAnd allp,

A JF)etition of the Manufacturers and others concerned in the Woollen, Trade, and the principal Inhabitants of Creditor in the County, of Devon: And, also,

A Petition of the Metchagts, Tradelipen, and-others, concerned ia-tltQ Woollen. Mapufactory of the Town of Taunton, in the X'ovaty, of: Sfnneiftt:

Were severally presented to the House, and read} ~ Setting forth,-That iLany further Burt hen should be laidon the Impprtation of Foreign; Li nens, it rauft' materially aftectt and injure the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom: And t herefore praying the House to take those alarming Consequences; intortlieiri^ppfid^ation, _ ..;

I2

A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the County Linen Trade, of Somerset: And also, (Somerset.)

A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers of the County Ditto. of Hants: (Han"->

Were also severally presented to the House, and read-; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are reduced to the greatest Distress, by the languishing State of the Linen Manufacture, which is lo very low, that they and their Workmen are out of Employment, and, unless some effectual Relief can be given them, they must be utterly ruined; which Distress, the Petitioners conceive, is owing to the large Importation of Foreign Linen into these Kingdoms, which has increased so much of kite, as to prevent the Sale of the Home Manufacture; and that, if an Alteration was made in the present Laws respecting the Importation of Foreign Linen, the Home Trade would revive:

And therefore praying the House, to take thC Premises into Confederation, and to give them such Relief as shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of the Fellowship of Englt/h Merchants Ditto. for Discovery of New Trades, commonly called " The (Russia Com, " Rttffia Company," was also presented to the House, and pany^ read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that an additional Duty on the Importation of Foreign Linen, or any further Retention of the Drawback- on the Exportation thereof, may greatly affeCl the Trade of Great Britain in general, as well as that carried on lay the Members of the said Company with Rnjfta in particular, and, in its Consequence, may prove highly detrimental to the Exports of the Manufactures and Produce of Great Britain and its Colonies: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Confide.-ration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves thereon.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Deeds and for allowing further Time for Inrollmcrit of Deeds and W|U»-Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant aP‘fts>) Purchasers: And that Sir Charles and Mr.

Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; an Soap. Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks oo Soap (LinenTnde) used in the Woollen Manufacture, for the last Teq Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Election*. Reading of the Bill, to continue, and render perpetual, an Act, made in- the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and also, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, be- now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill b« committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

A Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Turnpike Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti- Roads, tuled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws nowin

" being

14 Geo. III. i° M523

being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that one, and much frequented, is not the largest in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Street. And being a Iked, If he is personally interested " Purposes," which regulates the Width of the Wheels, in the Application ? he said, He has Property lying in and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed, was Queen which he supposes will partake of the ge-

read a Second Time. neral Improvement.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Then Mr. John Burnley, Occupier of the Greyhound

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee bm, being asked, Whether any Application had been of the whole House. made to him to purchase the Inn ? he said, No, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morn- that he had upwards of Six Years to come in his Lease i ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole — and being asked, If there was any Foot Passage House, upon the said Bill. through his Inn ? he said. There is one on Sufferance,

and that there are several other Passages into Queen Lincoln’s The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Street. Then,

Inn Friday the 18th Day of February last, for the Second Mr. George Gwilt, a Surveyor, was examined; and

Reading of the Bill, Tomorrow, for declaring the said, That from the East End of the Greyhound c ' Society of Lincoln's Inn, and their Lands and Tenements, through Blackman Street, to the Obelisk, in the New within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County Road, and from thence to where the new intended of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Way is proposed to come out in the Black Bridge

Burthens, might be read. Road, is 1,747 Yards; and from the said East End of

And the said Order being read accordingly; the said Inn, through Street and Duke Street, into

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. the said Road, is only 939 Yards, the Difference being

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time 808 Yards; — that the Opening is proposed to be 36 upon Friday Morning next. Feet wide from the High Street to the East End of

Queen Street-, — that from thence to the Common Sewer St. Saviour’s Mr. Cator reported from the Committee, to whom is about 160 Feet in Length, and from the Common (Southwark) the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overl'eers of the Sewer to the High Street, is about 275 Feet, making Workhouse, Poor, and of severalof the principal Inhabitants, of the together about 435 Feet. — And being asked. If, after reets, c. Gf Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of making such Opening, there would be Room left to

Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabi- ere<fl Houses on each Side, and of what Depth ? he said, rants, was referred; That the Committee had examined One Side there will be Room for 20 Houses, of from 14 the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to 23 Feet in Depth; that the other Side is the Out-line to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; of the Ground. — And being asked. How many Houses and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards are intended to be taken down ? he said, Two in the delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same High Street, besides the Inn, and sundry Timber Te-was read; and is as followeth; viz. - nements therein, and Three or Four other such Tene-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; ments, all of which are in a very ruinous Condition; John Levy, F.squire, being examined said, There are besides which, it will be necessary to take down-Four now 345 People in the Workhouse, belonging to Wooden Tenements, and a Blacksmith’s Shed, which the said Parish, and 20 more farmed out; that 106 stand in the Middle of and are of

receive weekly 'Pensions of from One to Four Shillings small Value, being very ruinous. — And being asked, each, and 100. others are relieved every Week by at- How wide Queen Street is? he said, It is of different tending the Committee at the Workhouse; that there Widths; that at thebroadeft Part it is 34 Feet wide, are 70 Children of both Sexes-in the House,'and but and, at the narrowest, which is at it is

Ten Beds for them to lleep in; and that there are 39 21 Feet Nine Inches. — And being asked, Whole Pro-

Children at Nurse in the Country, at Two or Three perty the Greyhound Inn is ? he laid. It belongs to the Shillings per Week each; that in the Year 1757 the Governors of Saint Bartholomew' % Hospital ;-r-that the

Poor’s Rate in the said Parish amounted to f. 1,843. Parish of Saint Saviour have given Ground to widen 18 J. 8 d.but that the Books for the Year 177^-4 King Street, the Width of which at the Lower End, is amount to £.4,081. 7 s.4 d.; that it is apprehended this 14 Feet and upwards; — that at the End near the High

great Increase is owing to a Number of Persons apply- Street, are Two old ruinous Timber Houses, which are " ing for Admission to the Workhouse or weekly Pensions, intended to be taken down, and a Brick House to be knowing that the House is full. built in their Stead; — that the Street will then be 15

William Coffin, Esquire, confirmed the Whole of the Feet wide at the Entrance, and a little Way down 19 foregoing Evidence: And Feet Six Inches. — And being asked. If, when the new

Mr. Stephen Lowdell produced to your Committee, a House was built at the End of Street, the Passage Plan for widening the End of King Street, Snow's Fields, might not then have been widened ? he said, The Parish next the High Street, and of an intended Carriage Way might have given up the Whole of their Land; that from the Borough High Street, through the Greyhound they did give Four Feet Six Inches for 80 Feet in Inn, and for improving the Passage through Queen Length; and that the House belongs to a Charity. — Street and Duke Street, to Gravel Lane, leading towards And being asked, If that House might not have been the New Road from Saint George's Fields, to Black Fryar's built in a strait Line from King Street to the High Bridge-, and Mr. Pardon, and Mr. El cock. Agent for Mr. Street? he said, Not without spoiling it, as it is now Barrow, said they intended making a Carriage Way only 18 Feet wide in Front.

from Gravel Lane, through their own Grounds, to the The House was moved, that the Petition of the Inlaid New Road, and Mr. Lowdell Iaid, that the making habitants of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in of such Openings and Improvements will be of consider-' the Borough of ;and aHo the Petition of the

able Advantage to the Parish, and of public Utility, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Bo-there being a great Number of Carriages, as well as Per- rough of Southwark, which were presented to the House ions oft Foot, constantly passing and repassing from the upon "the 22d Day of February last, and then ordered to interior Parts of Southwark to the High Street; — that lie upon the Table, until the Report Ihouldbe received from thp East End of Queen Street, Foot Passengers are from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Church-obliged to go through very inconvenient Passages, and wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and of several of the Carriages are forced to go 400 Yards round, through principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, very narrow and bad Streets, all which might be avoided Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of them-by making a New Street into the said High Street, selves and the other Inhabitants, was referred, might through the said Greyhound Inn, which, though a large be again read.

Vol. 34. " 6S And

Newfou®d-Und Fishery, See.

Prisoners, Gaolers, &c.

Salted Beef, Pork, See.

524 1° Maftii. A. 1774.

And the same being read accordingly; they had gone through the Bill, and made an

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him poled. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for en- to report, when the House will please to receive the larging the present, or providing a new, Workhouse for lame.

the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, and Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widen- Morning.

?ng King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street,

Southwark-, for making a Carriage Way, from the said Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Goo Senega.

High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *&c‘

Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into upon the Bill for reducing the Duty payable upon the Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Fryars Bridge Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made Road in the Parish of Chriji Church; in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon Question, by leaving out from the Second Word " Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or " Workhouse" to the End of the Question. " exported from. Great Britain -, and for confining the

And the Question being put, That the Words pro- " Exportation of Gum Senega, from , to Great

poled to be left out Hand Part of the Question; " Britain only," be now read.

It was refoived in the Affirmative. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Then the main Question being put; The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Speaker left the Chair, enlarging the present, or providing a new, Workhouse Mr. Anthony Bacon took the Chair of the Com-for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, An& mittee.

for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse} for widen- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

ing King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee,

Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said That they had gone through the Bill, and made several High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Street-, and for improving the Passage from thence into to report, when the House will please to receive the Gravel Lane, loading towards the Black Fryars Bridge fame.

lload, in the Parish of Chriji Church: And that Mr. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Cator, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, Morning, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Linen Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. Order, a Bill to allow the Exportation of Biscuit and House, to enquire into the present State of the Linen Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of Trade in Great Britain and Ireland-, the British Fishery there: And the same was received; Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 25th and read the First Time. Day of the last Session of Parliament, was made

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Tomorrow Morning. tain and Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts presented to this Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second House, in this and the last Session of Parliament, re-Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged lating to the Linen Manufacture, be referred to the with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted said Committee.

or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Pay- Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Extracts of ment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for " Letters and other Informations received by His Ma-such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more " jesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, concerning Du-effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, " ties, or Prohibitions, laid since the Year 1720, on during their Confinement, be now read; " the Importation of British Manufactures into the

And the said Order being read accordingly; " Dominions of any of the Princes or States of Ger-

The said Bill was read a Second Time. " many, of Russia, or of Holland" be referred to the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Then the House refoived itself into the said Com-of the whole House. mittee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Sir Thomas C levering took the Chair of the Com-

whole House, upon the said Bill. mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, That they had examined several Witnesses, and made a upon the Bill t£> continue, for a further Time, an Act, Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s was directed by the Committee to move, that they Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an may have Leave to fit again.

Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ire-House, to enquire further into the present State of the " land, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Im- Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

"portation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

" from the British Dominions in America, for a limited And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

" Time;" be now read. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, That

aicj

i4 Geo. III. 4° Martii. 525

Mercurii, 2* die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III"' Regis* 1774;

Prayers.

" Transcript, of the Entries in the Register Book of thd " Company of Stationers, with the respective Dates of " such Entries, of all Books, to the Copies whereof " any Claims are now made, with the Names of the " Persons claiming Title thereto," be discharged.

Butterton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the Parish

of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford, was read the , . Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Butterton, in the Parish of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered That Sir John do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Abbott’s An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ann and Common Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Indofare. Abbott's Am, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Abbott's Ann, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

West An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Retford Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common inclosure. paftureSj in the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arabic Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Parish of Wefi Retfin the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fitzmaurice Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for divesting out of the Crown the

te" Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carnarvon Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom Sea Shore the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, OrnwHead anC^ Occupiers the several Messuages, Tenements, r’d e Lands, and Premises, near and adjoining to the Sea Voryd River. Shore between the Orms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and the River at Voryd, which bounds the several Counties of Flint and Denbigh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read) and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, your Committee called Mr. William Lloyd j who, being Vol. 34.

examined, said, That from Orms Head to Poryd is about Twelve measured Miles along the Sea Coast, where the Tide flows very rapidly; that, for upwards of Three Miles, the Banks are, from 14 to 20 Yards perpendicular, above High Water Mark, of a Clay or Marly Nature, or soft Loam, mixed with Stones; that at the Foot of those Banks there Were, some Years ago, avail Quantity of Stones, which prevented the Tide from wash ing the Banks away; but of late Years the common People have broke the large Stones, and, together with the lmaller ones, laid them on Heaps, and fold them to the Masters of Vessels for Ballast; by which Means the Tide flows higher, and many Acres of valuable Land, and Part of the Road from Chester to Holyhead, have been washed away.

And he produced to your Committee a Plan, shewing how much Land had been loft by the aforesaid Means. And,

A Member present confirmed that Part of his Evidence. And,

Mr. Lloyd, being further examined, said. That he brought Actions, as an Attorney, for the Landholders, against the Persons who pick Stones on the Coast; and that, although the Proof of the Damage done to the Lands was clear, the Judges and Counsel were in Doubt as to the Legality of the Actions, and recommended it to the Plaintiffs to wave the Cpfts, and accept of a Ver-di£l, which they agreed to do, as the Defendants were, very poor; that some of the Defendants not appearing to the Action, Attachments were sued out, and they were arrested and imprisoned for want of entering an Appearance, by which their Families became a Burthen to the Parishes; notwithstanding which, the common People still continue doing the fame, to the great Detriment of the Landowners, and-Inhabitants; and, unless some Method be taken to prevent them, many Hundred Acres of the bell Corn Land in North Wales, and great Part of the Road from Holyhead to Saint Asaph, will be carried away by the Sea. Then,

Mr. Grearfon, the proper Officer, produced

to your Committee Two Records of Verdicts given as aforesaid in the Court of Exchequer. And,

Mr. Lloyd added further, That by prosecuting Actions at Law, the lower Class of People wili be undoubtedly ruined, and large Sums expended, without any Remedy for the Evils complained of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the taking and carrying away of Stones from the Sea Shore, below High Water Mark, between Orms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and the River at Voryd: And that Mr. Williams, Sir Roger Moflyn, and Mr; Hill, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, trading to the linen Trade. British Sugar Colonies, was presented to the House, and (Sugar Colo-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Exporters of Goods to the Sugar Colonies in most Branches of the British Manufactures, and of British and Foreign Linens to a considerable Amount, necessary for the Use and Trade of the Inhabitants of those Colonies; and that the Petitioners have been informed of an intended Application, for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter the present Duties and Drawbacks on Foreign Linens; and the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, in case an Act should pass to increase the Duties on Foreign Linens, without allowing the Drawback of such Duties, it will greatly encourage the clandestine Importation of Foreign Linens into His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, and with them many other Foreign Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the above Measure may not be adopted by the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Ditto, others concerned in the Woollen Trade of the Town of (Wellington) Wellington, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners understand a Bill is intended to be brought in, to

Jay

Ditto.

(Rochdale.)

Ditto.

(Manchester)

Elections.

'2'w Martii.

A.

x774-

IM , . ' ,

lay an additional Duty on all German Linens imported into this Kingdom; and that if any further Burthen ihauld be laid on the Importation of Foreign Linens (except such as are the Manufacture of Silesia) the British Woollen Manufactures will be subjected to heavy Im-posts, to the great Injury of the Staple Trade of the Kingdom, in general, and the poor Inhabitants of the said Town in particular: And therefore praying, That the House will take these.alarming Consequences under their Consideration.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that it is intended to lay an additional Duty upon Foreign Linens imported^ and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the laying an additional Impoftupon Foreign Linens imported, would.oocasion the imposing of such Duties upon Engl/fhWoollens, and also upon Foreign Raw

Hemp and Flax, as would be very injurious and detrimental to the Trade and Manufactures of the Kingdom in general, and of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying. That a Bill for the Purpose of laying an additional Duty upon Foreign Linens imported, may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are under the great eft Apprehensions, that an additional Duty will be propefed on Foreign Linens, with a Retention of the said Duty on their Exportation to our Colonies i and that the Manufacture of Cotton Goods has greatly increasedduriqg the last Seven Years, principally . owing to the many Improvements which have been made therein, without the Aid of any Bounty; and that, in consequence of such Improvements, very large Quantities of the said Manufactures have been exported to those - Foreign Countries from whence Linens are imported, by which Means tire Consequences apprehended from the late Spanish Prohibition, have 'been in a great Measure

prevented; and that the Duties imposed on our Manufactures in the Countries from whence Linens are imported, are very moderate; and that the Petitioners have Realbn to believe, that the Value of British Commodities exported to those Countries far exceeds the Value of the Linens imported from thence; and consequently have. Cause to fear the Effects of a Foreign Retaliation, which may prove highly prejudicial to the Manufactures , of England in general, and to those of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, touching the lame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present Stale of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, and render perpetual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of " controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament;" and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, toex--plain and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

( .’Sir Edward Afileytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Afileyreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an

Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Newfound-Reading of the Bill to allow the Exportation of Biscuit *an<^ and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit

of the British Fishery there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House WaY* a°d to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a. Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. 1

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. ’Thomas Townshend, Junior, presented to the House, Madhonfes. according to Order, a Bill for regulating Madhouses:

And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Deeds cording to Order, a Bill lor allowing further Time for and wills-Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists* and for (PaP,ft,0 Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry Sampson Woodfall, in Custody of Privilege, the Serjeant at Arms attending this Houlp, was presented ,ood’

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, having justly incurred the Displeasure of the House, by printing a Letter, highly, falsely, and unjustly, reflecting on the Character of the Speaker of this/

House, was summoned to attend on Monday the 14th of February last; and that the Petitioner did readily obey that Summons, and did attend the House accordingly; and that the Petitioner h^s offended inadvertently* and through a very blameable Neglect of not carefully examining, as he ought to have done, the Contents of what he printed; which Kind of Neglect he will in future use his utmost Endeavours to avoid: And that the Petitioner has already incurred very heavy Expences, which, if long continued, must end in the Ruin of himself, and a numerous and innocent Family, who must be Sufferers together with him: And therefore praying.

That the Punishment he has already undergone, by very heavy Expences, Confinement, and Interruption; of his

Business,

Salted Beef, Pork,

tic.

1

Gum

Senega.

14 Geo. III. 2° — 3°

Business, may be taken into Consideration by the House; and that, though the Enormity of his Offence is confessedly great, yet, trusting to the well-known Mercy and Clemency of the House, the Petitioner hopes he may be discharged from the further Effects of their Dif-pleasure.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Henry Sampson be now

brought to the Bar of this House, to be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hoi fe;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " House," and before the Word " to," the Words " to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker on his Knees, and ;"

The House was moved, that the Standing Order of the House, of the 16th Day of March 1772, " That " when any Person shall from henceforth be brought to " the Bar of this House, to receive any Judgment of " this House, or to be discharged from the Custody of " the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or from " any Imprisonment inflicted by Order of the House,

" such Person shall receive such Judgment, or the Order " of the House for his Discharge, {landing at the Bar, " unless it shall be otherwise directed in the Order of " the House made for that Purpose," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Words proposed as an Amendment to the said Question be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Henry Sampson Woodfall be now brought to the Bar of this House, to be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

He was brought in accordingly j and reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged, paying his Fees.

Mr. Brickdale, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled " An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

" and Butter, from Ireland, for a iimitedTime; and for " allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

" and Butter, from the British Dominions in " for a limited Time," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice' read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Anthony Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega " and Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported from,

" Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of " Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 34.

Martii. 527

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent unnecessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas J 73-

Tellers for the Noes, j ufy, I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 16th Day of this Instant March.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted- to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

*Jovis, 30 Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III'" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain " Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the " Townships or Hamlets of March and " and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and " County of Cambridge," so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth District, in the said Act described, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, " Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or " Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish " of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridgefo far as the same relates to the several Fen

61’ Lands

FreePorts

(Jamaica.)*

Poor,

Call of the House,

Supply.

March

and

Wimblingtoif

Drainage,

1

3 ’ Martii. A. 1774.

Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth in

the said Act described.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clyde Lord Fredetick Campbell presented to the House, ac-

Nmgation, cording to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending c' an Act, made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River of from the City of

Glasgow to the Village of Gorbells: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Glasgow Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit-C thr0ddh tee’to wh°m the Petition of the Magistrates of the City °RoadsfnS of Glasgow, and the other Subscribers thereto, Trustees upon the Turnpike Road leading from the City of goiv, through Cozvcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called The Milnford of Garfcube, within the County of Lanerk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Year? of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of , were

read. And,

Mr. John fVUfon, being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, for repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow through to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called The Milnford of Garfcube, within the County of Lanerk, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged, and in some Instances explained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, lb far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow through Cozvcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called The Milnford of Garfcube: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Edmonfione, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Glasgow Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit-to tee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates of the City of Glasgow, and of those Subscribers, Trustees a upon the Roads after mentioned, leading into the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of and

also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and ender more effectual, the said Act; and also, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

3

to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redbtirn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, were read. And

Mr. John Wilson, being examined, said. That the Terras of the said Acts are near expiring, and the Roads cannot be repaired, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the same are repealed, and new Powers granted for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Tocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew: And that Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Edmonstone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to continue for a further Time, an halted,

Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Bce ’&c°r ’ Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland,

" for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon; and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made " in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,. An Act for Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a " limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of

Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the " British Dominions in America, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for reducing the Duty payable upon Gum the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, Senega, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties " upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into,

" or exported from. Great Britain; and for confining the " Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon " Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported from, Great Britainj and for confining the " Exportation of Gum Senega from to Great Britain only."

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according Staverton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to

Order,

14 Geo. III. 3° Martii. 529

Ibstock Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure. Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of Hucklefcote and Donnington the , in the Parish of Ibstock, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Macclesfield Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Free the Petition of the Governors of the Poflessions, Reve-Grammar nueSj an(j Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King C °° Edward the Sixth, in ,within the Parish of

Preftbury, in the County of and of the Reve-

rend Thomas Jennings, Clerk, the Sub-tutor or Ulher of the said School, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Stafford produced to your Committee, Letters Patent of King Edward the Sixth, bearing Date the 25th Day of April, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, for founding a Free Grammar School in Macclesfield, for the Iri-struction of Youth, under the Directions and Regulations therein expressed; by which Patent he also incorporated Fourteen Persons to be Governors of the Pof-sessions. Revenues, and Goods, of the said School; and also granted to them several Estates there, of the then yearly Value of £.21. $s. with Power to appoint k Mailer and Ulhers, as Vacancies might happen; and expressly ordaining. That the whole Revenues should be appropriated to the sustaining a Mailer and Ulher of the said School only.

And the Witness said. That the old School and School-house being in great Decay, and inconveniently situated, the Governors, in the Year 1750, fold the lame, with a Piece of Land adjoining. Part of the said Trull Estate, and with the Money arising therefrom purchased a Messuage and Buildings thereto belonging, in Macclesfield, more commodious for the Purpose, together with a Close, and other small Pieces of Land.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, a Survey and Valuation of the said School Estates > by which it appeared, that the present Rent amounts to £. 180. 8i. 8 d. and the Value in Reversion after the Expiration of certain Leases outstanding on old Lives, will amount to £. 636. 8 s.6 d.: And he said. That some Parts of the said Estates consist of Houses and Buildings, which are very old and in Decay, the rebuilding or repairing of which will be attended with a considerable Expence; and other Parts consist of Lands dispersed, and intermixed with Lands of other Persons, which is attended with Inconvenience; but if Power was given to make Exchanges of such Lands, and to fell such Hotifes and Buildings as Opportunities offer, and the same shall be found expedient, it would greatly contribute to the Benefit of the Foundation.

Two Members present. Governors of the said School, informed your Committee, That great Benefit would arise to the Youth educated at the said School, and the Foundation be greatly improved, if they and their Successorswere enabled, as the Revenues of the School shall encrease, to appoint additional Mailers arid Ulhers, with suitable Salaries; with Power to remove or displace them' upon any just and reasonable Caule.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming certain Purchases made by the Governors of the Poflessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School ot King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester; to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales, and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof; and VOL.34.

for further regulating the said Foundation: And that Mr. Egerton, Mr. Crewe, and Sir William Meredith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Henshall’* Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Smithy

Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from HSmithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northzvich, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Symons reported from the Committee, to whom Hereford the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, Poor Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the City of He- Petition-reford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Lacon Lambe, being examined, said, that the Poor of the said City and Suburbs are very numerous, and are maintained at a great Expence; and that the Pavements of the Streets and Lanes within the Limits aforesaid are in- a very ruinous State, and dangerous for Passengers.

That if some further Provision was made for maintaining and regulating the Poor within the said City and Suburbs, and for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, ana other Places, and preventing all Annoyances therein, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said City.

That the usual Fund for repairing the Streets and High Causeways in the said City, ariles from the Profits of a Common, called New Widemarsh, which is enjoyed by the Corporation of the said City, from Candlemas Day to Lammas Day Yearly, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Holmer, in the County of Hereford, for Three Months after Lammas Day every Year.

That there are two other Parcels of Waste Ground lying within the Liberties of the said City, called Old Widemarsh and Monck Moor, which are at present of very little Value, but if the same were inclosed and improved, the Profits thereof would, with the Aid of Two Assessments Yearly, of Six Pence in the Pound, on the Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, and Gardens* within the said City and Suburbs, create a Fund sufficient for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the several Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within the Limits aforesaid.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, a.

Decree, made in the Court of Chancery, bearing Date the i;rth of February 1763, in a Cause wherein the Attorney General, at the Relation of Francis Campbell, was Informant, and the Right honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Hereford, and others, Defendants; whereby it appeared, that an Account was dire (fled to be taken of the Sum of £. 400, given by a Codicil to the Will of the late Lord Scudamore, as a perpetual Stock, to set to work the poor People of the City of Hereford; and the Charity was established; and it was referred to a Mailer in Chancery to approve a Scheme for Application of the Money; who made-his Report, dated 26 October 1764 (also produced to your Committee) and certified, that a Scheme had been laid before him, whereby it was proposed, that the Sum of "

£ i>32*

5^0 3° MartiA. 1774.

£.1320 14 s.Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased with the produce of the said £.400,

" and interest (if so much should remain after Payment of the Colls of Suit) should be transerrcd to Trustees, to remain as a perpetual Fund for the said Charity, with Power to allow a Salary to any Person (killed in the Linen and Woollen Manufactures, to overlook the Poor to be employed in the said City in such Manufactures, and in buying Implements and Materials; which Report W'as, by a subsequent Order of the said Court, dated 23 March 1765 (Jikcwife produced) confirmed. And,

Mr. Lambe also informed your Committee, That the said Fund being confined to the Linen and Woollen Manufactures in the said City, has been found inconvenient, and does not answer the good Purposes intended thereby; but if the Powers for the Disposition thereof were extended for carrying on Manufactures by the Poor in general within the said City and Suburbs, and if some additional Trustees were added for managing the said Charity, the same would better answer the Purposes proposed. — And the Witness added, That there are many ruinous Buildings, and some void Ground, in the Streets and Lanes in the said City, and it would be of great Use and Ornament to the City if such Buildings were taken down, and new Buildings erected, and if the void Ground before mentioned was built upon, and the several Bodies Corporate interested therein, were impowered to fell and alienate the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of , and Suburbs there-

of, and removing Nuisances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing di-r vers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for setting the poor People of the said City to work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses within the said City: And that Mr. Symons and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Newthorpe Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to

luclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Great

Common and Begerley Commin the Parish of Greajley

in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Radley A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture ladofare. and Waste Ground cai|ed and Part of the

Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called ,'

within the Distrifls of Southwell and , in the

Parish of Southwell, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Savile,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Balaton Sir George Savile presented to the House, accord-Indofure. |ng to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwick. in the Parish of Rainton aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lifter presented to the House, according to Or-uc 0 ure. der> a for dividing and inclosing the Commons and.

Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Of-waldtwifte, in the Parish of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster:And the iainc was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Hereford thereunto subscribed, Insolvent Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Hereford, was presented to the petitioou House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Wiisford cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry Raines, James Smyth, Thomas Aire Mill* Feme, and Joseph Armitage, was presented to the House, Proprietor* and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Own- P«it»c. ers and Proprietors of several ancient Fulling, Rasping,

Grinding, and other Mills, employed in the Cloth Trade, and of Corn Mills, which have been erected Time immemorial, upon the River Air, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, by the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, for Leave to bring in a» Bill to enable them as well to extend and make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, as also to complete and support a Cut from the River Air, in or near the Township of Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, in or near the Township of Selby, in the said County; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, by the Evidence given before the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, it appears, that various collateral new Navigable Cuts, of considerable Extent, are proposed to be made through the Lands adjoining to the said River Air, although, by an Advertisement published on the Behalf of the said Undertakers, uporr the 28th Day of December last, the said Undertakers thereby informed the Public, that they had consulted! able Engineers, who had given them the strongest Rea-fons to believe the Capability of rendering the Navigation of the said Rivers in the present Channel effectual and satisfactory, from whence the Petitioners were induced to believe they meant to improve the natural Channel or Bed of the Rivers, and did not intend to apply to Parliament for Powers to make any collateral Cuts; and the Petitioners were the more satisfied in their Apprehensions, upon reading the Undertakers Petition in the Votes, as there is not the least Mention of a Necessity of any collateral Cuts., nor any Prayer for Powers to make the same; and therefore the Petitioners submit, whether the Petition is not insufficient to support the Powers now desired, of making such collateral Cuts; and representing to the House, that the making such Cuts, and the several other Works mentioned in a Re^-port of Mr. Smeatons, as necessary to be done, for the Improvement of the said Navigation, will not only divert from, the Petitioners said Mills a very considerable;

Quantity of the Water which now flows down the River Air, but will, in many other Respects, be very prejudicial to the Properties of the Petitioners and other Milli Owners upon the said River Air:And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, in Support of the Allegations of their Petition, so that the whole Matter may be enquired into; and that nothing may be done to prejudice the ‘ said Mills, which are essentially necessary to the Continuance of the Woollen Manufactory within the said West Riding of York.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-liable, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the

Tenth

BaumcartueGs

Nat.

Turnpike

Roads.

(Wheels.)

Shoreditch

to

Endfield

Roads.

14 Geo. III. 30 Marin.

Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for making and keeping

navigable the Rivers of Air and , in the County " of York; for improving the Navigation of the said " River Air, from Weyland, to the River; and for " making a Navigable Canal from the said River Air, at " or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby,

" in the said County," be brought in.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacob Julien Baumgartner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dire died him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part " of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Penruddock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend-' ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pi calc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Tow nfe nd re ported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by, or in Pursuance of, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from The Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the farthermost Part of the North lload in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watcii-houl'e in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Endfield; and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being respectively Owners or Inhabitants of Houses in the Pari (lies of Stoke Newington and Tottenham High Cross, in the said County of Middlesex, and of Houses in the Parish of Hackney, and other Parillies situate by the Sides oi, or near unto, the said High Road, between The Stones End aforesaid, and the Northernmcil Part of the said Parish of Tottenham High Cross, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons passing the said Road, and redding at the Places aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Mr. John Smith, being examined, laid. That great Numbers of Travellers pals the said Road in the Night Time; and that there are many Houses situate by the Sides of, and near to, the fame, the Inhabitants whereof have frequent Occasions to pass on the said Road by Night as well as by Day; That the said Road is very

VOL.34.

dangerous and inconvenient in the Winter, and in the Night Time much iufelled with Robbers; which might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the same was lighted, and a proper Guard placed thereon. And he further said, That it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Road, or living on the Sides thereof, if the same was to be properly watered in the Summer Time. And, being further examined, he said, That the Parish of Stoke Newington is very populous, and from its Situation escpoled to frequent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, which might, in a great Measure, be remedied by lighting the said Parish and establishing a sufficient Watch there: But that none of the Purposes before mentioned can be carried effectually into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthcrmoll Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Alms Houses in Shoreditch, to the Northernmost Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road as they fl'.all think fit to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County: And that Mr. Alderman and Sir

Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the more effe<5lual preventing Frauds and Woollen Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory. Manufactory, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Sotrt/nvell,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir Edward Afiley, according to Order, reported from Elections: the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, and render perpetual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved, that the Petition of several Hops, &c. Hop Merchants, Exporters, Factors, Brewers, and others. Dealers in, and Consumers of Hops, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 22d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

6 U Mr.

Degen’s

Nat.

(Sleichman’s,

Nat.

Mutiny,

&c.

(America.)

Plymouth

Paving,

Sec.

Cardiff Streets, &c.

Tonbridge

Wells Road, &c.

Wetherby

to

Graflington

Road.

Tb flock inclosu;<u

Duddington

Inclosure.

Severn

Stoke

Inclosure.

Ways and Means.

5 3 2 30 Martii. . 1774.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Degen; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Theodore George Gleichman; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years* of His Majesty’s lleign, for punishing Mutiny and Del'ertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, in the Town of Cardiff and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan., and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of , to Ringles Cross,

near Uckfield, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of lbstock, iru tire County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields within the Parish of Duddington, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Meadows, Common, 'and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Severn Stoke, in the county of ; without

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1774, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1774.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House KewfoordUnd to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fishery. upon the Bill to allow the Exportation of Biscuit and (Bllcult»&c-) Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benelit of the British Fishery there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itlell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Brickdale accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr . Gas coy tie, from the Commissioners for Trade and African

Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Company. Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from John , Esquire,

Governor of Cape Coafc Castle, to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated 8th September 1769; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Matters of Ships in Anamaboe Road to Mr. and the Gen-

tlemen of the Council at Cape Coast Castle, complaining of the Number of Factories: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from John Grofsle, Esquire,

Governor of Cape Coast Castle, to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated 26th October 1769: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Richard Camplin,

Esqiftre, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated December 20 1769:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Richard Camplin,

Esquire, by Order of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Governor and Council of Cape Coast Castle, dated February 7 1770:

And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Governor and Council of Cape Coast dated 9

March 1770: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Thomas,

Esquire, to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, dated May 24 1770: And also,

N° 8. Copy -of a Letter from the Merchants of Liverpool, to the Earl of Hil/fborough, ^nd other the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated February 17 1770: And also,

N° 9. Copy of the Memorial of the Merchants and Traders to Africa from the Port of London, whose Names are thereunto signed, to the Lords Commissioners from Trade and Plantations: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from John Poivnall, Esquire, to Richard Jackson, Esquire, dated March 18 1772:

And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Report of Richard,

Esquire, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated March 26 1772: And also,

N° 12. Extracts from the Journal of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

14 Geo. III. 3° — 40

tations, on the 17th of and the 2d of April

*772-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lincoln’s Inn The House was moved, That the Order made upon Society, Tuesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill To-&c‘ morrow Morning, for declaring the Society of Lincoln's Inn, and their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of not

to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Clerkenwell A Bill for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and (St. James’s) watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and treets, 8cc.pjaceSj within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage trom Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; for repairing, watching, and lighting, the Highways; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Color, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the and Selby adjourned Debate, ppon the Motion made upon Monday Canal. last, " That the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or " Canal, from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, in the Township of near Leeds, to the

" River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the County of " be committed;"

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion;

And the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.{oenetfttW\

Tellers for the Noes.^Jjjr’aljiulham. } ioj.

i So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

African Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-^and6 night, the 17th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself Company. *nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa," l'o far as the same relates to the Election of Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 34.

Martii. ' 5 33

Veneris, 4* die Martii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Electiona. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to continue, and render perpetual, an Act, made in the loth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Fxportatiott of Biscuit NewfoundUnJ and Peale to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Bene- Fllllery. fit of the British Fishery there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of land, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Or- Halford der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inslofure. Common Fields, and other Commonablfe Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Hinckley whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are to thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of RY eful. Parliament, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign "Road. C" of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads " from Hinkley to Wleful Bridge; and also from Hoo " Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington " to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common,

" and from IbJlock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Henry Eames, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, laid, That the Trustees have borrowed fevc-ral considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and the Powers of the said Act are continued, the Tolls encreased, and the Powers of the said Act varied and enlarged.

And the Witness further laid. That the Road from the Road from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, at or near a House in the Liberty of Ofbaflon, called Phiney's House, along Lount Lane, in that Liberty, and Lanes in the Liberties

534 4* Mar. A. 17744

ties of Nelftsn and Barton in the Beam, to the Turnpike Road between Measham aforesaid, and Market,

at or near a House in the Liberty of Carlton, called Chejliire's House; and also the Road from the said Road from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, in the Town of nington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields there; and also the Road from the said Road from Hoo Ash Lane to Melbourn Common, at the Toll Gate thereupon in Old Lane, along Long Lane, in the Liberties of Ra-venftone and Coleorton, to and through Pasture Lane, in the Liberty of Coleorton aforesaid, and to and through Aulton Lane, in the Liberty of to the

Turnpike Road leading from to

Zouch, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from to

Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjlock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney’s House, in the Liberty of Ofbaston, to Chejliire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton, and also the Road from the Tufnpike Road at Swamiington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and Zouch Turnpike Roads: And that Sir John «nd Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pcnruddock, according to Order, reported from tie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of " Parliament, the General Laws now in being for rc-

gulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for other Purposes," which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingross'ed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exeter, in Chamber assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is intended to be brought in, to lay an additional Duty on all Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that such an additional Duty will greatly affect and injure the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom in general, and distress the Inhabitants of the said City in particular: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Wheat, Biscuit, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, exported from Scotland, to His Majesty’s Colonies in the Wfjl ladies, for

Seven Years preceding loth 1773, being as far

as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks on Soap used in the Woollen Manufacture, for the laftTen Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the w'hole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Purnell Jones, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Purnell, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck, Spinster, and her Issue, to take, ule, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy, Esquire, deceased -, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Mary Pryce, Spinster, deceased, to cut down, and fell the Timber upon the settled Estates of the said Mary Pryce, in the County of Merioneth, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Lies of the said Will; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Pryce, Spinster, de-

ceased, to cut down and fell the Timber upon the settled Estates of the said Mary Pryce, in the County of Merioneth, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purpose, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tw'enty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester to the Town of Rochdale, and from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Town ship of to the Town of Bury, and from a -Place called BeJJes of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Lane, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;'"and

afterwards

Soip (vVoollen

Mdinufa&urt'.

Jones'*

Name.

Keck’*

Name.

Pryce’s

Timber.

Ditto.

Manchester

to

Rochdale*

See.

Roads.

14 Geo. III. 4° Martii. „ 535

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amepdmeqts, in, ingto;Order* a Billfor* defraying the Chargi of the Militia, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Britain, called England, . fox One Year, beginning the by One; and, ; upon the Question feveraHy ,put thqre- 25th Day of March 1774.: And the same was received; upon, were agreed to by |the House., . i and read, the First.Time,- .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the , Amendinvntsk be Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ingrossed.

*r

Godley The House was moved, that the Petition of the feye-(Sarrey) ral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, |nn-Innkeepers, keepers> Publicans, and Victuallers, of the Hundred c" of Godley, in the County of Survey.,. on Behalf of thpfn-

selves and others the InnlfLeej^rs, yfi;^lplicans, and ViCtuH allers, of the said Hundred, which waspresented to: the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.:

And the same being read accordingly; - '

Ordered, That the said Petition be rpfefred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they; d°,examine, and state to the House, the Matter of FajCt contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.- Howard, &c.: And they are to meet upon [Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

'Jot ting ton Sir Edward AJiley reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the -Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths,- -and Waste Grounds, within the Parjfh of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fount}. the same to bp tjqe; and that the Parties concerned had. giyen their Cqnfent to, the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 62 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of about 1720: Atcres, exclusive of the Commons and Wifte Grounds.; and that no Perfohi appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Upton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-Snodfbury mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, lndofure. within the Parish of U Snodfbury, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdeswell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Free Pons. A Bill for further continuing so much of Two Acts, (Jamaica.) made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, upon the said Bill.

-Sir Charles Whitworth presented tQ the House, accord-Voi,. 34.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Sutton concerned^ in the Bill for dividing and inclosing all the SaiBt^n^. Open 1 Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable lndofure. Grounds, w.ithin (be Township or\ Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann’s, otherwise Sutton Bonnington, in the County of Nottingham; whiqh Bill was; upon last, read

a SeepndTime, and committed; .

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-j quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Noficp being taken,1 that His Majesty’s Interest is Ratcliffe concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing thq upon vVreak Open Fields, M,e»dow, Pasture, and all other Common- nc 0 u,e’ ablectounds, within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County or Lsicefier; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The-Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purpqrt of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Prisoners, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Gaols, upon the Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees tq.Gaplers, and giving a, Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several Witnesses; and had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Clavering also reported from the said Mr. Howard, Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That John Howard, Esquire, be called in to the Bar; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, that this House are very sensible of the Humanity and Zeal which have led him to visit the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and to communicate to the House the interesting Observations he has made on that Subject.

And Sir Thomas Clavering moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemint Contradicente, That John Howard,

Esquire, be called in to the Bar; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, that this House are very sensible of the Humanity and Zeal which have led him to visit the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and to communicate to the House the interesting Observations he has made on that Subject.

John Howard, Esquire, was accordingly called in to the Bar; and Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

6 X Sir

V

Garton

Indofore.

Frafer>s

Forfeited

Bftates.

Adjournment

536 4* — 70 Martit.' i-A. 1774.'

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garto, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received} and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Major General be now read/

And the said Order being Tead accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had received Evidence; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

And Mr. Cooper moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions: A,nd that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Thomas,

Junior, Mr. Ellis, Mr. DowdefSir Gilbert , and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. r

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling 6f

the House this Day, ’adjourn tin Monday Morning next.:;

The other Order of the Elay being redd;

The House resolved, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present Stite of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee. ‘

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred 5 and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Lihen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunay70 diMartii;

; I 1 *

i *

Anno 14* Georgia III‘" Regis, 1 774.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Dqftor Solander, from the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puffuant to their Order,'

An Account current of the Trustees of the British Mttfcfim, to Chrifmasryj^. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was rea'd.

The' Cud Account is as followed! .

J (. !

The

linen

Trade.

British

Mufeun.

The ACCOUNT Current of the Trustees

g

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

cS

FT

c

r*

OO

4*

Leidger

A

Fol. 6 To Cash raised by Lottery -

6 To D° by the First Payment of Tickets forfeited - -

6 To D® by Benefit Tickets not claimed in Time - -

2 ToD° First Grant of Parliament, 1762 - 2,000 — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - 107 17 6

2 ToD° Second Grant of Parliament, 1764 - 2,000 — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - ' 107 17 6

166 To D° Third Grant of Parliament, 1766 - 2,000 — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - 107 17 6

166 ToD° Fourth Grant of Parliament, 1768 - 2,000 — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - 107 17 6

166 ToD° Fifth Grant of Parliament, 1770 - 2, coo — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - 107 17 6

166 To D# Sixth Grant of Parliament, 1772 2,000 — —

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury - - 107 17 6

120 To D°, gained by Dividends of Bank Ann. bought by the Trustees - -

>3 To P°, gained on Exchequer Bills - - - 18 18 9

*3 To D°, gained on Navy Ann. 4 per Cent. 1763, by Dividends and Saks - - - 129 12 6

9 To D°, gained on Bank Ann. 3 per Cent. Consol. £.1,700 by Dividends and Sales - 51 86

9 To D° gained on D° £.1,500 by Dividends only - - 43 10 —

9 To D° gained on D° £.1,785 by Dividends and Sales - 98 12 3

i7 To D° gained on D° £.1,700 by Dividends only - 46 10 — .

207 To D* Balance to Edward Stone?s Account - -

To D° Balance to different Funds appropriated to other Purposes . - -

100,000 — —

172 7 6

1,780 — —

J 1,892 2 6

J 1,892 2 6

| 1,892 2 6

j* 1,892 2 6

|> 1,892 2 6

J 1,892 2 6

21,494 17 6

| 148 II 3

240 — 9

5116 *37 8 7

£.136,077 2 1

the Briltjh Museum to Christmas 1773.

Leidger

Fol.

6: 6 6

49

5°

5*

69

67

47

6

176

68

74

16

62

177 »4

165

i9i

210

206

6?

21 I 188 120

>7

*7

212

By Cash paid Expences on the Lottery -

By D° paid for Sir Hans Sloane'o Col led ion - -

By D* paid Lord Oxford's Trustees for the Harlot an

MSS....

By D° paid Coromiffianers of the Lottery in full

By D* paid Expences of the Act of Parliament, and Law Charges -

By D° paid for the Common Seal of the Corporation, and its Press -

By D° paid for removing the Sloanian and Cotton Libraries - . - -

By D° paid for keeping Sir Hans Sloans'* Collection at Chelfoa -

By D* paid Mr. Widmore for Care of the Cotton Library By D° paid for the Purchase of Montagu House -By D* paid for the Repairs thereof - -

By D° paid for Furniture peculiar to the Museum -By D° paid for Furniture for the Meeting Room, Officers, &c. - -

By D* paid for the House Insurance -By D° paid for Fire Engines and their Repairs -By D* paid for Printing Expences ..... By D° paid for Bookbinding ..... By D° paid for Stationery Wares, Vellum, Books, &c; -By D*paid Rent, Taxes, and other Annual Payments -By D° paid Salaries, Wages, and other Gratuities . -By D° for Board Wages - - - - *

By D° paid for Firing and Candles ..... By D# paid for incidental Charges ..... By D° paid for Garden Expences -By D* paid for £.30,000 Bank Ann. 3 for Cent. Reduced

{Bought 52,500, at 104 % Sold - 22,500, at 881 -By D* loft on £.1500 Consol. 3 per Cents.

Bought for £.>,374. 7. Sold for - £.1,296. o,

i}

By D° unfold £*500 D#

By D° Balance with Doctor Maty

Bought for

6,200 — —

20.000 — — -

10.000 — — 557 19 4

435 *» 11

64 16 6

163 — a I

911 s 11

l60 — —

10,250 -

16,752 8 6 4,076 14 7 r

a a 7 6 4 —

7 3

9

t.

9i

4

3 I 7

698 157 166 1,07a

i,979 390 2,891 14 15,621’ 13 1,819 3 10 1*585 15 —

a, 186 17 1 J

2,061 19 —

54.93° 13 6 19,607 4 6

78 7 6 13 17 6

36,75} 19 4

1

500 8 5

| ‘,234 6 11 27,00a -8 - 6

| 4*774 >6 »o , J 323 11 6

| 3*341 19 4$ 20,33a 11 8f 5,834 81 1 i

}35

1

3*3 9 —

92 5 —

440 15 — 118 — 2

136,077 a 1

Cn

4 Geo. III. 70 Martil

Bath, Bath ford, &c. Rftads*

Ditto.

Ditto.

538 79 Martih . 1774.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Afeent, or by any Means more convenient, or even so Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. good, as the present Road; for that such intended Road ' ' - nfoft cfofs Two Bridges, and be framed and made over

A Petition of the Trustees of the Turflpike Roads, low and swampy Meadows, which are deeply flooded the leading to and from the City of Bath, in the County of greatest Part of the Winter, and often in the Summer,

Somerset, was presented to. the House, and read^ Setting and will lie in a North Afped; apd that 'the said in-forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Vote's, that a tended Road will not only necessarily be attended with Petition is presented, for Leave tQ bring in a Bill for a very great-and considerable Expeoce to the Public, carrying a Turnpike Road, by a Bridge, across the River without, any. apparent Advantage tq> them,; but will be Avon, from the present Road, near to Bathford, and from . of great 'Detriment and Injury'to the Petitioners and the thence to or near the Village of Hampton, and from thence principal Part of the said City, and can only tend to the to or near the Village of Balhwtck, and ffom thence to Advantage and Emolument of Two Individuals: And the new Bridge lately built acro/s the said River, year, therefore praying. That their Petition may be taken into to the Old Ferry; and representing to the Jdoufe, that Consideration, and that the said intended Bill may not the present Turnpike Roads from. Bathford to the En- paR into a Law.

trance of the City of Bath, and "from thehce branch- And the said Petitions \verc Severally ordered to lie

ing to the several Parts of 'the said City, is-a very spa- upon the Table, until the Report be received

cious and commodious Road', With very little Afeent from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

in it, and lies in a South Afpeifty Which Tenders it al-' ' the several Persons whose Names ate thereunto ways warm and dry, and has been greatly improved, at &' subscribed, in Behalf of themlelve? and others very great Expence; and that the Petitioners apprehend ’ residing hear, or frequently- travelling, the Roads there is not a Poflibiljty of making a new Road across . tlTerein-aftermentioned, is-referred,

the River, from Bathford, through Hampton and Bath-Ordered, That > all have Voices who come to the

wick, to Bath, nearer, or'easier of Afeent, dr more Committee, to whom the said lafb-mentioped Petition convenient, or as good, as the present Road4 for that is referred. -such intended Road must cross Two Bridges, and be,

framed and made over low and swampy Meadows, A Bill for dividing and inclosing. certain! Open.Com- West Real

which are flooefed the greatest Part of the Winter, and moss Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable lDclo‘ure*

often in the Summer, and will necessarily be attended Lands and Waste Grounds, withiir the Parish of

with a considerafele Expence1 to the Public, without any Keat, irt the Cotint y of Lincoln, was reid a Second

apparent Advantage to them; and that the Petitioners Time. 1

have near 50 Miles of Road to keep itr Repair -under - And -the Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command,

the present Acts, and have been obliged" to.'Borrow acquainted the House,"that His Majesty, haying been in-

£. 17,000 on the Credit of4be Tolls, and are apprehen- formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-

five they shall still be obliged to borrow more, to com- sent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that

plete the great Improvements they are making; and that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

the Tolls of the present Turnpikes are barely fuflkient Refo That the Bill be committed to Lord Brozvn-

to repair the present Roads, and discharge the Interest low Bertie, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

of the Monies due on Mortgage; and that the Petitioners this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

apprehend, if a Bill should'pass pdrfuant to the Prayer Chamber. ’ ! !

of the said Petition, the Tolls of the present Turnpikes '' \

will be greatly affected, the Mortgagees Securities ren- 1 A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Hen&aU’*

dered precarious and doubtful, the Petitioners be dif- passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Sm"£7*

abled ftom keeping the present. Roads-in good Repair, Majesty &£g Second, for repairing and widen- Ro

and the Public no ways benefited: And therefore pray- ing the Roads from' Smithy] upon Cranage

ing, That their Petition m‘ay be taken into -Considera- Green, through, the Tcjwn of Nether Knutsford, and by the

tion; and that they may be Lccffd., by themselves or South Guide Post in Mere,' and Bucklow Hill, to the

their Counsel, against the said intended Bill, and may Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of

have such other Relief in the Premises as to the Hoble and from the said Guide Post: to Warrington, in the

shall seem meet. - - — ----- — - County of and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to

A Petition of the Creditors'of the! Tolls dfthe Turn- Pen-ty'i Lane, near Northwich, in 'the said County of pike Roads leading to and from the City of Bath, in the Chester, was read a Second Time.

County of Somerset, was allb presented to the House, Refo That the Bill be committed to M and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Appli- ton, Mr. Crew, &c.: And they are to meet this

cation; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have Afternoon, at Five of the Cfock, in the Speaker’s advanced the Sum of £.17,000 on the Security of the Chamber. ~

Tolls of the present Turnpike Roads; and that, if the ''

laid intended Road should be made, the Tolls of the A Bill for dividing and inclosipg certain Common Old present Roads will be greatly affected thereby, and the Fields,'Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- Stratford,) Petitioners Securities belreiidered doubtful and precari- monable Lands, within, the Parish of Old Stratford, other- Inclosure-ous: And therefore praying, That their Petition maybe wife Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, taken into Consideration, an<l that the said intended Bill was read a Second Time.

may not pats into a Law. _ ~ u - Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in ;the City of nuit/t, Mr. Montagu, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Rath, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to Afternoon, at Five of the 'Clock, in the Speaker’s the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the Chamber: laid Application; and Setting forth. That She present

Turnpike Road, leading from Bathford to tile Entrance ' jA Bill for dividing , and inclosing several Pieces and Bishops of the City of Bath, and from thence branching to the Parcels of Land, called Heath, Rchmgtoo,

several Parts of the said City, is a very spacious andcom- mas Hill, Palmers Qlt, and Commonable inci0fae.

modious Road, with very little Alcent in it, and lies in a Places, within the Parish of Bishops in the

South Afoeft, which renders it always waim and dry, County of Warwick, was read a Second Time, and has been lately greatly improved; and the Peti- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-tioners apprehend, there is not a Possibility of making with, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this a new Road across the River, from Bathford, through Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Hampton and Eathwick, to Bath, nearer, or easier of Chamber.

~ i APe-

14 Geo. III. f M 539

Bristol A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Guar- therefore praying, That ProviCorl may be made in the Raids, dians, and Assistants, of the Corporation of the Poor in said Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Part of the the City of Bristol, and as such irtimed in the Act for said Common Pasture and Waste Ground, in such Manrepairing the Roads from the said City, as Trustees, ner as to the House shall seem meet, under their largest Seal, was presented to the House, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been pre- Confidenrtion of a Committee to whom the said Bill is lented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make and amend committed.

new and additional Roads, from the Turnpike Gate , That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

near Stokes Croft, on the Road leading from the said mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the City, called The Horfield Road, to the Turnpike Gate said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Peti-near The Black Birds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield tion. common" Road, and from thence into the Road leading from the City of Bristol, called The Biiton and Toghill A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Common Road, and from the Lane called Gallows Acre and Waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common Lam, into that Part of the Auft Road which is called and Common, in the Parish of Greaftey, in the

The White Ladies Road; and that the Petitioners ap- County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time, prehend the making such Roads will not be of public Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Utility, will occasion a great and unnecessary Expence, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet

and be very detrimental to the Trade and Commerce of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ the said City, and also to the Landholders and Tenants Chamber, thereof-; And therefore praying. That such Part of the

laid Petition as respects the making and amending the A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in said new and additional Roads may not pals into a the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for iroprov-Law. ing the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of

Ditto. A Petition of the Citizens of Bristol, in Guildhall af- and for building a Bridge cross the said River,

fern bled, was also presented to the House, and read; from the said City, to the Village of and

likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His setting forth. That the said Application is without the present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Concurrence or Privity of the Petitioners; and that the Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the City of Bristol is at present the great Thoroughfare from old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of Bath, the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and many Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells; was read a Second other Parts, to the Hot Wells near Bristol, the Auft Paf- Time.

sages, which are the Entrances to the Counties of Mon- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frede-mouth and Hereford, and Wales, and also to the Northern rick Campbell, Mr. Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to Counties, and derives great Advantages therefrom; and meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the therefore such new Reads would be exceedingly injuri- Speaker’s Chamber, ous to the Petitioners, by opening other Communications, and depriving them of those Emoluments which An ingrafted Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made they now derive from the Resort and Palling of Tra- in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, vellers and Company to and through the fame, and . intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into would also greatly reduce the Toll of the Bristol Bridge, " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in be-to the Injury of the Trade and Commerce, and particu- " ing, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part

larly of the Landholders and Tenants, of the said City, " of Great Britain called England; and for other Pur-

by making such Toll of a longer Duration, and like- " poses," which regulates the Width of the Wheels, wife of the Persons who have advanced great Sums of and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed, was Money upon such Toll for the public Use and Service read the Third Time.

of the City; and that the making such new Roads The Amendments following were severally proposed would be attended with very heavy Expences; nor to be made to the Bill; viz.

would they fopport themselves, or scarcely pay the In- Pr. 1. 1. 16. To leave out "such" and insert

terest of the Money expended thereabouts, but deprive " the" instead thereof; and the present principal Roads of a great Share of their after " Wheels" to insert " there-

Tolls, to the Impoverishment thereof; nor would such " of."

new Roads be of any real public Utility: And therefore And the said Amendments were, upon the Question praying. That the Powers for laying out and making severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and such new Roads may not be granted. the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title upon the Table, until the Report be received be, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intithe Trustees for the several Roads leading from tuled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into

the City of Bristol, is referred. " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in be-

11 ing, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part Cottmoore, A Petition of several of the Persons interested in a " of Great Britain called England; and for other Purse. ’ certain Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called " poses," which regulates the Width of the Wheels,

Jacloiuie. Radley, within the Districts of Soiulnvell and Westhorpe, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed; and in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice said Clause.

of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Pasture and Waste Ground called Cottmoore, and Part of Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Common Pasture and Waste Ground called Radley,

within the Districts of Southwell, and Westhorpe, in the Mr. Williams presented to the House, according to Parish of Sontlnvell, in the County of Nottingham; and Order, a Bill to prevent the taking and carrying away

setting forth. That there is a certain Part of the said of Stones from the Sea Shore, below High Water Mark, Common Pasture and Waste Ground, called Radley, not between Or ms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and included within the Boundaries ddcribed in the said the River at And the same was received i and

Bill; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, read the First Time.

it would be of Benefit to the Persons interested: And Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 34. 6 Y Mr.

Newthorpe* See. Inclosure.

Clyde

and Gfafgow. Navigation and Bridge.

Turnpike Roads, (Wheels,&c.>

Carnanrofr, Stones, 4c.

540

70 Mar tit. ^.1774.

FVafcr’s Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-Etfztes* ^er» a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Bainton, &c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Garton A Petition of Jane of Garton on the Wolds, in

inclosure. the East Riding of the County of York, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the' Petitioner is Impropriatrix of the Rectory of Garton aforesaid, and Owner of a considerable Estate there; and that the Petitioner observes, from the Votes, that Application is made, for a Bill to indole several Open Fields and Parcels of Land, within the Manor and Parish of Garton aforesaid, which, if it should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends, will be greatly prejudicial to her Estate: And therefore praying to be heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass. into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioner be then heard by her Counsel, against the said Bill, upon her Petition, if Ihe thinks tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Tottington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Linen A Petition of the Merchants, Exporters, and Manu-Trade fu&urers of Cloth and other Woollen Goods, in the (Wakefield).. Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fearful that an additional Duty on Foreign Linens, with a Retention of the Duty on their Exportation to our Colonies, will be proposed this Session; and that the Petitioners believe, that the Value ,ol British Woollen Goods exported to Foreign Parts

much exceeds the Value of Linens imported from thence; and, the Duties on our Manufactures in those Parts being moderate, the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend the Effects of a Foreign Retaliation would be highly 4

detrimental to the Petitioners, its well as to all other the Woollen Manufacturers in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Merchants, Exporters, and Manufacturers of Clodi and other Woollen Goods in this Kingdom, to be heard against any Innovations by additional Duty on Foreign Linens, or will grant them such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ibstock, <fcc. Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of inclosure. Hucklefcote and Donningtonon the Heath, in the Parish of Ibstock, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second

rp*

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill rbr the better Regulation of the Nightly Westminster Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Nightly Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purports therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Wilsford Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste inclosure. Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds Deeds and Wills made byj’apifts, and for Relief of and will* Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time. (PapilL).

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation Fitzmaorice’* and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purports therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Inrtant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Ofw»ut«-ui-, Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Of- &c-waldtwifle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Pa- av 0 urc' Iatine of Lancosler, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this_ Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for the better Shoreditch Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish l*00

14 Geo. III.

7° Martii.

5+i

of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middle- fun to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 15th of No-ftx; and for building a Workhouse; and for purchasing vember 1773: Received the 3d of January 17 74: And fll! o, a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Governor the said Parish; be now read a Second Time; to the Earl of , dated Boston; the 2d of Dc-

And the House being informed that the Freehold-' cember 1773: Received the 27th of 1774;

ers, Leaseholders, and Occupiers of Lands and Houses, inclosing, and other Premises, in the Parish of Saint Leonard,

M -stage from The King.

Shoreditch, in the County of who petitioned

this House upon the 16th Day of February last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and which Petition was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Walpole,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord North acquainted the House, that he had a

N° 12. Copy of a Petition of Richard Clarke and Sons, Benjamin Faneuil, and , Thomas.. ^nd

Hutchinson, and of the Proceedings of the Council thereupon.

N° 13. Extrafl from the -of

the 26th of November 1.773.

N° 14. Cppy of-a. Paper, printed at Boston, dated the tftof December 1773 - And alfcv . N° 15. Copy of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 15 th December 1773: Received 2d February 1774: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Bojitm, 17th December 1773: Received aytjh January 1774; And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to

Message from His Majesty to this House,. hgned by His the Earl of Dartmouth, dated , 20th December 1773: Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and Received 14th February 1774: And also, it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

N° 18. Extract of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 24th of December 1773: Received the 14th February 774incloling, N° 19. Extract, from the Minutes of Council of the Massachusets Bay, on the 2 x ft December 1773: And also,

N° 20. Extract of ,a Letter from Governor Hutchinson

America.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, upon Information of the unwarrantable Practices which have been lately concerted and carried on in North America, and particularly of the violent and outrageous Proceedings at the Town and Port of Bof- to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, die 4th of January ton, in the Province of Massachusets Bay, with a View 1774: Received the 13th of February: And also, to obstructing; he Commerce of this Kingdom, and upon ' N° 31. Extra A of a Letter from -Major General Grounds and Pretences immediately subversive of the to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Fork, the

Conuitution thereof, hath thought fit to lay the whole 3d of November 1773: Received the 10th of Matter before His Two Houses of Parliament, fully confiding as well in their Zeal for the Maintenance of His Majesty’s Authority, as in their Attachment to common interest and Welfare of all His Dominions, that they will not only enable His Majesty effectually to take such Measures as may be most likely to put an immediate Stop to the present Disorders, but will also take into their most serious Consideration, what further Regulations and permanent Provisions may be necessary to be established, for better securing the Execution of the Laws, and the just Dependence of the Colonies upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain. G. R.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Extrafl of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 4th of November 1773: Received the 17th of December; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter to Thomas and Elijha Hut-chinjon, delivered at their House in Boston, the 2d of November 1773.

N° 3. Copy of a printed Paper, polled up in the Town of Boston, on the 3d of November 1773.

N° 4. Copy of a Narrative.

N° 5. Copy of a Narrative: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Milton near Boston, the 6th of November 1773: Received the 23th of December; inclosing,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Richard Clarke and Company, and Benjamin Faneuil and Company, to John Hancock, Esquire, dated the 4th of November 1773.

And also,

N° 22. Extrafl of a Letter from Major General dimand to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Fork, 28 th December 1773: Received the 4th of February 1774: And also,

N° 23. Extrafl of a Letter from Major General Hal-dimand to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 5th January 1774: Received 5th February; And also,

N° 24. Copy of a Paper referred to in Major General Haldimand'% Letter of 5th January 1774: And also,

N° 25. Extrafl of a Letter from Major General Hal-dimand to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 2d February 1774: Received 2d March: And also,

N° 26. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated York, 3d November

1773: Received 10th December; inclosing,

N° 27. Copy of a printed Paper, intituled, " The " Alarm, N° 1," dated New York, sith Obi. 1773. N° 28. Copy of a printed Paper, intituled, " The " Alarm, N° 2," dated New York, Obi. 9th, 1773. N° 29. Extrafl from a printed Paper, intituled, " The AlarmJdated New York, 19th Obi. 1773: And also,

N# 30. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 1st December 1773: Received 10th of January, 1774; inclosing,

N° 3i. Memorial of the Agents of the East India Company, praying. That the Tea shipped by the Company, may, on its Arrival, be taken under the Protection of Government.

N° 32. Minute of Council, relative to the Tea shipped by the East India Company: And also, N° 33. Copy of a Letter from Governor to the

Earl dated York, 3d, 1774:

N° 8. Copy of a Vote of the Town Meeting cit Received 5th February: And also,

Bojlcn, the 5th of November 1773. N° 34. Copy of a Letter from Governor Tryon to the

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Thomas Hutchinson, F.arl of Dartmouth, dated Neiu 7'ork, 3th January 1774: Junior, to John Hancock, Esquire(no Date): And Received 3th February; inclosing, also, N° 33. Ext rafts from the Minutes of the Council

N° 10. Extrafl of a Letter from Governor Hut chin- ‘ of New York: And also,

Vol. 34. N* 36.

k

54^ f Martii. A. 1774*

N° 36. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Bull to the Earl of Dartmouthdated 24th 1773: Received 28th January 1774: And also,

N* 37. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New 17 th

December 1773: Received 2d March 1774; inclosing, N# 38. Notification of the Seleift Men of the Town of Portsmouth.

N° 3^. Resolves of Portsmouth, in New respecting the Tea: And also,

N° 40. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Earl of ,dated

20th January 1774: Received 21st j inclosing,

N® 41. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Montagu to Philip Stephens Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated Boj, 8th December 1773: And also,

N® 42. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commission-els of the Admiralty to the Earl of , dated

27th January 1774: Received the same Day; inclosing, N® 43. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Montagu to Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated Boston, 17th December 1773: And also,

N® 44. Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Barrington to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated War Office, 28th January 1774: Received 29th; inclosing,

N® 45. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Alexander Lejlie, Lieutenant Colonel of the 64th Regiment of Foot, to Lord Viscount Barrington, dated Castle William, 6th December 1773.

N® 46. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 17th December 1773: And also,

N® 47. Copy of a Note from the Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated loth December 1773: Received 21ft; inclosing,

N® 48. Account of Tea exported by the

Company to His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, with the Quantities, and to whom consigned: And also,

N® 49. Copy of a Note from the Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 23d December 1773: Received 25th; inclosing,

N® 50. Extra# of a Letter, dated Boston, 18th October 177 3.

N® 51. Extract of a Letter from New York, dated 5th November 1773.

N® 52. Extra# of a Letter from New. York, dated 5th November 1773.

N® 53. Copy of a Letter relative to Advices received from Philadelphia and New York, dated 21st December 17 7 3.

N® 54. Copy of a Letter relative to Advices received from Philadelphia, dated 21st .1773.

N® 55. Copy of a Letter relative to the Exportation of Tea to Boston, dated 21st December

N® ^6, Copy of a Letter relative to the Exportation of Tea to South Carolina.

N® 57. Copy of a Letter relative to the Exportation of Tea to New- York: And also,

N® 58. Copy of a Note from the Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 24th December 1773: Received 25th; inclosing,

N° 59. Extract of a Letter from Philadelphia, dated 5th October 1773.

N* 60. Extracts of Two Letters from Philadelphia, dated October 5th, and 30th, 1773: 'And also,

N® 61. Copy of a Note from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 10th January 1774: Received 15th; inclosing,

N® 6z. Copy of a Letter from the East India Company’s Agents at New York to the Court of Di* re#ors.

N® 63. Copy of the Memorial of Henry White and others, Merchants, to the Governor of New York: And also,

N® 64. Copy of a Letter from an Agent of the East-brdia Company to his Correspondents in London, dated Boston, 15th of November 1773: And also,

N® 65. Copy of a Letter from an Agent of the East India Company to his Correspondent in London, dated Boston, November, 1773: And also,

N® 66. Copy of a Letter from an Agent of the East India Company to the Chairman, dated Boston, 17th of November 1773: And also,

N° 67. Copy of a Note from the Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 21 ft. January 1774: Received 25th; inclosing,

N® 68. Copy of a Letter, signed

to the East India Company, dated Boston, 17 th December 1773: And also,

N® 69. Copy of a Note from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 26th of January 1774: Received the same Day r And also,

N® 70. Copy of a Note from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 26th January 1774: Received 27th; inclosing,

N® 71. Copy of a Letter to the Delaware Pilots, and to Captain Ayres, dated Philadelphia, 27th November 1773.

N® 72. Declaration of Messieurs James Ind,

Agents for the East India Company at Philadelphia.

N" 73. Poftscript to the Gazette, of

24th December 1773.

N® 74. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs James and Drinker to the Directors of the East India Company, dated Ph, 28 th December

1773*

N® 75. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Thomas anti Isaac Wharton, Jonathan Browne, and Gilbert Barkley, to the East India Company, dated Philadelphia, 28th December 1773: And also,

N* 76. Copy of a Note from the Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth: Received 3d February 17 74: And also,

N® 77. Copy of a Letter from Thomas and Elijha Hutchinson, Richard Clarke and Sons, and Benjamin neuil, to the Directors of the East India Company, dated 2d December 1773: And also,

N® 78. Copy of a Letter from D® to D®, dated 17th December 1773.: And also,

N" 79. Copies of Two Letters from Messieurs Leger, and Greenwood, to the Secretary of the East India Company, dated the 4th. and 18th December 1773: And also,

N® 80. Copy of a Note from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 9th February 1)74: Received iothj inclosing,

N® 81. Copy of a Letter from Henry White,* Abraham Lott, and Company, and Pigou and Booth, to the Directors of the East India Company, dated New York, 27 th December 1773.

N® 82. Copy of a Letter from Henry White, and others, to Captain Benjamin Lockyer, of the Ship Nancy, dated New York, 27th December 1773: And also,

N" 83. Copy of a Note from the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 15th February 1774: Received 16th j inclosing,

N® 84. Questions proposed by Francis Rotch, an Owner, and James Matter, of the Ship Dartmouth; with the Answers of the Con-signees.

N® 8 5.

14 Geo. III. 7° Martii. < 543

N® 8 5. Questions proposed by James Mailer of the Ship Eleanorwith the Answers of the Consignees.

N° 86. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Owner

of the Ship Dartmouth, to Richard Clarke and Sons, &c. dated Boston, 6th January 1774.

N® 87. Copy of a Letter from Richard Clarke and Sons, and Benjamin junior, to the Di-

rectors of the East India Company, dated Castle William, January the 7th 1774.

N® 88. Copy of a Letter from Richard Clarke and Sons, and Benjamin Faneuil, junior, to the Directors of the East India Company, dated January 7th 1774: And also,

N® 89. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Michell, Secretary to the East India Company, to John Pownall, Esquire, dated 16th February 1774: Received 17th; inclosing,

N° 90. Copy of a Memorial of the East India Company to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 16th February 1774: And also,

N® 91. Copy of a Letter from Grey , Esquire, Secretary of the Treasury, to John Pownall, Esquire, dated 7th March 1774; inclosing,

N° 92. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Mather, acting as Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs in America, dated 7th October 17 73, to John Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the Lords of the Treasury: Received 14th February 1774: And also,

N® 93. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs in America to the Lords of the Treasury, dated Boston,4th January 1774: Received 14th February-, inclosing, 1

N® 94. Copy of a Letter from the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at Boston, to the Commissioners of the Customs there, dated 17 th December 1773-

N® 95. Copy of a Letter from D® to D®, dated 23d December 1773.

N® 96. Copy of a Letter from D® to D®, dated 31st December 1773.

N° 97. Copy of Protest of James Bruce, James Bruce, junior, and Jo9Finney.

N® 98. D® of Hezekiak Coffin and others.

N" 99. D® of Francis Rotch and others.

N° 100. Depositions of Samuel Hunt and others.

N° 101. D® of Thomas Rick and others.

N® 102. D° of William Elliot and others.

N° 103. D® of Alexander

N® 104. D® of James Bruce and others.

N® 105. Report of Arthur Savage.

N° 106. D" of Robert Parker.

N® 107. Memorial of Francis Rotch.

N® 108. D® of James Bruce.

N® 109. D® of Hezekiah Coffin.

Together with a List of the/aid Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His Majesty’s gracious Message, and for the Communication His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to make to this House, of several Papers relative to the present State of l'ome of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America:

To allure His Majesty, that this House will, without Delay, proceed to take into their most serious Consideration His Majesty’s laid most gracious Message, together with the Papers accompanying the same; and will not foil to exert every Means in their Power, of effectually providing fof Objects so important to the general Welfare, as maintaining the due Execution of the Laws, Vot. 34.

and securing the just Dependance of His Majesty’s Colonies upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of November 1768, of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, and of the Address of this House thereupon, as relates to the State of His Majesty’s Government in North America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of May 1769, of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the State of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America, might be read.

And the same war. read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of January 1770, of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, and of the Address of this House thereupon, as relates to the State of His Majesty^ Government in North America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of 1770, of so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, and of the Address of this House thereupon, as relates to the State of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His Majesty’s gracious Mefl'age; and for the Communication His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to make to this House, of several Papers relative to the present State of feme of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America:

To assure His Majesty, that this House will, without Delay, proceed to take into their most serious Consideration His Majesty’s said most gracious Message, together with the Papers accompanying the fame; and will not fail to exert every Means in their Power, of effectually providing for Objects so important to the general Welfare, as maintaining the due Execution of the Laws, and securing the just Dependance of His Majesty’s Colonies upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message, together with the Papers this Day presented to the House by the Lord North, be taiten into Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tjiis House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in

6 7j Gaol,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Prisoners,

and

Gaols.

o

Ayr Bank.

Ashetor&

Name.

Bath, Bath ford, See. Road. (Bath Corporation.)

544

Gaol, during their Confinement, was committed, be received To-morrrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Martit 5

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

THE Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Compiny: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Asheton, Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Bath, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making for a Bill for making, amending, and repairing, a Road to be carried by a Bridge acr-ols the River Avon, from the present Road, near Bathford, and from thence to or neRr the Village of Hampton, and from thence to or near the Village of Bathwick, and from thence to the new Bridge lately built acrois the said River, near to the old Ferry; and representing to the House, that the Entrance of such intended Road into the City of Bath will be over a Bridge not wide enough to make it commodious; and that it will cross a Street of the most public Passage in the City, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be at termed with great Inconvenience and Danger; and that tire making l'uch Road will be unnecessary, and greatly prejudicial to many Individuals, and to the said City in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the passing of any Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " continuing the Terms of several Acts, made in the " Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the " Seventeenth and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and " through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and for amending the said Acts, " and reducing them into One Act of Parliament," was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That

1774.

the Petitioners have borrowed 3,500l. upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been expended in repairing the said Roads; and that the said Roads comprehend Nine Miles of the direct Poll Road from London to Bath, and communicate with sundry other Turnpike Roads leading into different Parts of Wiltshire and; and

that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the new Road to be made thereby would occasion a considerable Diversion of the Roads now in Use, without any equivalent Advantage to the Public, Whereby, the Petitioners apprehend, their Tolls would so much diminish, that they should not be able to keep the said Roads in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, making commodious, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road from The Croft Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, fa the " County of Wilts, to Bath Bridge, in the County of Somerset," was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed £.5,000 upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been expended in repairing the said Roads; and that the said Roads comprehend Five Miles of the direct Post Road from London to Bath, and communicate with lundry other Turnpike Roads leading into different Parts of Wiltshire and Somersetshire; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the new Road to be made thereby would occasion a considerable Diversion of the Roads now in Use, without an equivalent Advantage to the Public, whereby, the Petitioners apprehend, their Tolls would lo much diminish, that they should not be able to keep the said Roads in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads therein-after mentioned, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'eif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported, with the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon,

70 — 8° Martii.

IVtto. (Lorfham ( fruit) /

Deeds and W lie. (Pap ills.)

L’nen* expo ted,

14 Geo. III.

8° Marta,

545

b;

ltto.

on, from the ift Day df ’January 1772* as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That thfcre be laid beforer this House, ah Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens exported, from the ift Day of January 1772, as far as the same tan be made up; distinguishing what have been expofted to His Majesty’js Colonies and Plantations, and what to other Places.

Linen Ordered, That Mr. John Smith do. Tomorrow Morn-Trade. ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Scott Jackson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Bank Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Scotland, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported froth the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported frorh the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr. Edmonstone, do prepare-, and bring in, the lame.

Glasgow Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House,

to according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and

Koftds* Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and / s‘ Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

j Ring George the Second, for repairing several Roads

leading into the City of so far as the same relate

to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Corvcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kel- vine, called The Milnford of Garfcttbe: And the same was teceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

[ A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Cud don:

Mr. Speaker,

Owmbv The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosum for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Owmby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

But tenon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Icclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Field Land, or Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Butterton, in the PaHlh of Mayfield, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And all'o,

Vo 1.. 34.

Abbott'!

Anri

IncIoTure.

Salted Beef, Pork> &c.

6«m

Senega,

New/pand-land Fisheryv Sea

Staunton

Inclosure.

The Lords have agreed to thfc Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Downs, within the Parish of Abbott's Ann, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a ftlrther Time* an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

" Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time j

" and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

" Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in " America, for a limited Time without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agfeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for laying certain Duties upon " Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or " exported from, Great Britain; and for confining the " Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only;" without any Amendment 1 And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Bif-cuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there j without any Amendment: And §dfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish o(Staunton, in the County of Gloucester} without any Amendment: And also, \

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Parish of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment i And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley, with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; so which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported Prisoneri* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ran£ Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or a° other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Five Weeks;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Ordered,

West

Retford

Inclosure:

Heatley’a Divorce.-

546 8° — 90 Martii, 1774.

Prisoners, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and Account of the Methods practised in Hajlar for

Ga°l». preventing the spreading of contagious Distempers.

Madhouses. A Bill for regulating Madhouses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven*

night, the 17th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mandieder An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers to of an Act:, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late °yd e, for repairing and widening the Roads from the

Roads. Town of Manchesterto the Town of and from a Place called ’The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called BeJJes of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Lane,

in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, to the Town of Rochdale, and from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot , in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourfte6",*£L Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 9® die Martii;

Anno 14° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House,

That their Address of Monday last (To return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His Majesty’s gracious Message; and for the Communication His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to make to this House, of several Papers relative to the present State of some of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America: ,

To allure His Majesty, That this House will, without Delay, proceed to take into their most serious Consideration His Majesty’s said most gracious Message, together with the Papers accompanying the fame; and will not fail to exert every Means in their Power, of effectually providing for Objects so important to the general Welfare, as maintaining the due Execution of the Laws, and securing the just Dependance of His Majesty’s Colonies upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Baumgart- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing -

ner’s Nat. gartner, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Julien Baumgartner.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Free Ports &rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the House (Jamaica.) to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received. Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Poor: The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Vexatious whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unnecessary and Removal?. vcxatious Removals of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Folkcstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Foikestone reported from the Committee,

The House being informed that Mr. Chamberlayne, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linens, printed, painted, or stained, exported from Scotland, for Ten Years preceding January 1774} distinguishing each Year; also distinguishing those exported to Holland and Germany, and different Parts of Europe, from those exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ejedting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Bean-champ, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampotmd, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Charles Cornwall,

Esquire, who. since his Election lor the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners

America.

Linens,

&c.

Orford

new

Writ.

Gram pound new Writ.

Weymouth and Melcombo Regis New Writ.

Liverpool e New Writ.

Dunton

lndoforr.

Asheton’s

Name.

Halford

inclostxre.

Ladborough

Icclosure.

14 Geo. III. 90 Martiu

547

for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Jeremiah Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir William Meredith, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Right honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Dunton, in the county of ; and for veiling certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Esquire,

and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas Asheton, Esquire, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Haljord, and County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dejyoell, Mr. Ward, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brozvnlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received.

Vol. 34.

A Message by Sir Ftantis MolyHenx, Gentleman Ufhef of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Assent Commission, for declaring His Royal Afifent to several w Bill*. Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; *

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Marchmont, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to allow the Exportation of Com, Grain, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com," allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye*

Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guemjty and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney:

An Act for further continuing Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for

?unishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better 'ayment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America:

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " land, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

" from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time:"

An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newjoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there:

An Act for reducing the Duty payable upon thej Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon " Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported from, Great Britain; and for confining the " Exportation of Gum Senega, from to Great Britain only

An Act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground, within and Parcel of the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees; and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon:

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, in the Town of Cardiff\and Liberties thereof, in the County of

Glamorgan; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty’*

7 A Reign,

*$4^ 9° MarA. 1774.

Reigo, for ^vif^r4igUt)l^>;Ami:’.walcUilr>g, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of and for* re*

gulating the Carmen and Porters, withirf the said Town: - .

An Act for enabling Sir Baronet, to

make and maintain a Navigable Canal* from the River Colder, between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge, and the Mouth of the River Colne, to The King’s Mill, near the Town of Huddirlfield', in the West Ridirtg/of the County of York: , -

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,-made in the Tlrirty-second-Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the high Road from to Grassington, in the- County of York

An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to {Hughs Cross, near Uckfi in the County of Sussex; -;

An Act for dividing and inclosing-the Open Fields,

Common Failures, and other Uninclosed Grounds* w.ithin the-Maiior and Township of in the Pa-

) ith of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act ;for dividing and inclosing the Open and CumtUooable. Fields,. within the Parish of Duddington, in the County of Northampton: .

b Ap Aft" for, dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Ibstock, in the County of itfktfier: .

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common JVleadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the ^tanor and Parish of Sevan Stoke in the County of Idforcefier r.

V-An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Downs, within the Parish of Ah* butt's Ann, in ihe County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, within the Parish of Qwmhy, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field , Landi-or Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, with thd. Manor of Butterin the Parish of *n the County

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lot Grounds, xnd Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of

, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open tArable Fields, Meadows* and Stinted Common Pastures, in the Parish of West Retford, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to enable Thomas Purnell , Eifquire, and his Issue* to take and use the Surname and Arms of tPurnell 1

An Act for naturalizing Samuel Rapillard and Abra-fi hamDelapiare:

An Act for naturalizing Louis de Saumaize:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Fan Yzendoorn 3. An Act for naturalizing Theodore. George Glach-

An Act for naturalizing George Chrifiopha Degen.. 1

Ludborough t Then >the Bill for -dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure? .-Fields* Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of in

,<he County of Lincoln, was read the First Time.

,. . Resolveedi That the Bill be read a Second.Time.

Pryce’s Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Timber. to enable’ Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will o Pryce, Spinster, de-

seated, to cut down and fell the Timber upon -the let-

tied -Estates of- the fold Mary Pryce, in the County of Merioneth; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be let-tied to therUfes of t;he laid Will; and for other Pur- t, poses j' was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fieldc, ‘

Mr. Townshend, See.: - And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, a? Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- ber.-

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeflea Basingstoke. of the Town-of Basingstoke, in the County of Southamp- &<l* ton, and of several ^Inhabitants of the said Town, was 04 ‘ -presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. That Application is making for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth. Year of his late Majesty’*

Reign, for repairing the Road from Basingstoke, through Andover, to Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winter flow,.

in the County of Wilts, and for repairing other Roads j and that it will be of public Utility, to have the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke included in the said Bill: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for that Purpose, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through War tin , Overton, Hurf-born Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Comer, in the Parish of Winterflow, in the County of , and who,

by an Act, passed in the next Session of Parliament^ were declared Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullen’s pond, in the said County of Southampton, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the fame, as it Qiall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Linen others, concerned and interested in the Woollen Trade Trade of the Town of Totness, in the Co'urity of Devon, was (Tolnc&)-presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners understand, a Bill is intended to, be brought in, to lay an additional Duty on all German Linens j and repr'elenting to the House, That if any further Burthens should be laid on the Importation of Foreign Linens, it mull materially affect and injure the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom in general, and particularly distress the poor Inhabitants of the said Town;

And therefore praying the House, to take the same into Consideration, and give the Petitioners that Relief in the Premises which the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present

State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and prin- Ctei’ktmrcH cipal Inhabitants,- of the Parish of Clerkenwell, (St. James’*)

in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, Streets*&c-and read; setting forth, That a Bril is depending for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets in that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called St. James's-, and for repairing, watching, and- lighting, the Highways , and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, which Bill, as it now Hands, is in many Particulars oppressive and injurious,:and tire whoL . V. Application has been carried on in a secret Manner, without consulting the Petitioners, who are so greatly interested: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts, jaf

*. . Ihe

14 Geo. III. Mar ti 54 g

the fold Bill as affect their Properties, apd receive fqch Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the 'Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill fqr paving, retiring, cleansing, lighting* and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, \vfthin that Part of die Parish of Clerkenvoell called James's, and for removing Qbftrodions and Annoyances therein $ for v widening the Passage from Clerkewvell Green to the Pa-.rish Church; for repairing, watching, and lighting, thp Highways; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the said Parish, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be hoard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said 'Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Barnstaple A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Freehold-Q?ay*» ers, and otiiej the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough 4c* and Parish of Bamstapleand its Neighbourhood, in the County of Devon, was presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and several of the Capital Burgesses and Free Burgesses, of the Borough and Town of Barnjhtple, has been presented, for Reave tp bring in a Bill to jipppfe 'certain Duties on Non Freemen resident in the said Borough and.Town, and the Public in general; which, the Petitioners prffume, is ,an unjust fax on Non Freemen only, who am byfef the largest Number of Inhabitants, and the moil respectable in the said Borough, and- import and export Twenty Times the Quantity of Goods and Merchandize; and that it will be a great Burthen on Corqnjprce of every J^ind, and '... consequently will fie yery prejudfeja) Jtp the Public ,ip

general; and that act those who have subscribed the Corporation’s Petition are Freemen, and the greater Tart of them poor Mechanics and Labourers, wpo, as they were not to be taxed, regarded not the Partiality or Impropriety of their Petition; and that it is a Petition to tax all the Inhabitants who are UPt Freemen, for carrying on Trade of any Rind* contrary to a same .- determined a very few Years ftnee, and which Pptitjpn, should it be complied with, wftl.mise a Tax QU the Inhabitants who are not Freemen, of at least *£.400 a Tear, to support and maintain Quays only, ifhfeh the ;Keelage'and.A9phprage of Yffilfts, RufbeUage of Coals, and other Duties .(at -tips Time received by the Corporation) is . much mpre than, fqfftcieat to support and maintain in good Order; and tftatthe Bridges, and most, U no.t all, of the other Buildings, which, the Petitioners are informed* ace stated in the Corporation’s Petition, are either endowed with Rands, or afford from their respective Tolls an Income, more than fiftjkient tp defray the au-UUal Expe.nces attending-their Repair; and that the ‘Corporation’s Petition was prepared in the most fecref planner, which -prevented the Petitioners front ffeting t.heir Objectiops to the many other Articles said to be contained in the said Petition: And* therefore praying the House will take ,-fu.ch Notice thereof, and give luck ap tp them shall seen? meet; and that they may. be heard, by (hemfelyes or Counsel, against the Matters contained in the said Petition and Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.. . ' .

Poor, The Rofd.Fo^^onf jreported.Irom the Committeeof Vexatious the whole House, so whom the Bill to prevent unnecefr Removals. far'y. anff vexatious-Removals of the Poor, was com-friittjrd* the Amendments which die Committee liad made to the Bill, act.4 which they had directed him ,tp Report to the House; and he read die Report in lus Yot. 3V

Place; apd afterwards -delivered the Biff with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the said Report be taken into further Con-fidenffon upon To-piprrow Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Seypnnight," and inferring the Words " IVedt/efday the " aoth Day of 4prd next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Sevpnnight" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennjght.

Ordered, T|iat such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fqf-Rpient for the Use of the Members of the House.

» t '

A Petition of the Trustees appointed in and by an Bath,

A^t of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the New Roads. Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for " continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of " an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reigp " of his fete Majesty Ring George the Second, for repairing (he Road irorp Cherrill, through Caine, tp " Studies/ Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Bfi/e (t Borough, at tpe T°P 9f Cherrill Hill, in tl;e County " of Wilts f was presented. t,o the Housej and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observd, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for JLeavje to bring in a Bill for making a new Road to the City of Bath, from the prefept Road, near Bathford, in the County of Spmerfet, by a Bridge a.croft the Riv'er 4yw, through or near the Villages of Hampton and;

and that the Petitioners ’ have borrowed the Sum of upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been expended jn repairing thp said.Roads; aijd that the said Roads comprehend between Five and Six Miles of the direct Post Road from London tp Bath and Bristol, and communicate with fundrv other Turnpike Roads leading t,o different Part? of \YiltJ1we apd GlouceferJI/ire-, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Rift prayed for by the said Petition (liquid paf9 into a Law, the new Road to be made thereby’ would occasion a cophderable Diversion of the Ro^ds now in Use, without any equivalent Advantage to the Public; whereby the Petitioners apprehend, their Tolls would be so much dimmfthed, that they fliopld not be able to keep the said Rpfds iu Repair, apd pay the fnterest of the Mqj uey Ipoyrowed: And therefore praying, That they may . he hefud^ by theh Counsel, against the Rift prayed fer by the Rid Petition; afe) that they may have speft Rejfef jn thp Premises as to the Hpufe juall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uppp thu Tabje, until the Report be ceceiyed fmm (he Committee, to whom the Retition of thV feypral feerfpijs whose Names are theteuntp subscrib.ed, in Reha, If 9f tjbemselves and others, refid big near, or feequen.tly tra-yelling, (the Roads thereinafter mentioned, is referred*

A Petition of the Qlpthfers of the City of Hew Lin«i Trarfc.

and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was (New s»rom.jf presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Demand fqr Wpodfen Manufacture for Exportation has not only beep an. Object of the.Legislatum’s particular Attention, but is a principal Support of the Poop of the Kingdom in general, and of the said City and Neighbourhood in particular; and t)iat ,the Petitioners have been (nfoijned, a Bill is intended, to lay additional Duties on Foreign Linens, and discontinue the present Drawback on Exportation, which, if passed into a Law, will greatly affect and (njure the Trade and Manufacture of the Kingdom, and increase the Number of its Poor: And therefore praying tfte Hpufe will take the fame

= k

55° 9° — 10°

lame into Confederation, and prevent such Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table. |

Free Pom sir fjenry Hoghton, according to Order, reported from tJamaica.) the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of , was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingossed.

Linen Trade. The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens, and British and Irish Linens and Cottons, printed, painted, or stained, in Great , exported for Ten Years

part; distinguishingeach Year; also distinguishingthofe exported to Holland, , and different Parts of Europe, from those exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, and the Foreign Linens from the British: And also.

An Account of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 177a to Christmas 1773: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantity of Foreign Linens exported from England, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773; converted into British Yards.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Deeds and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Wills. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the (Papists). gin for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Linen Trade. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a Committee of the whole House, to inquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ’Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred;

Martii. A. 1774.

and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways and night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- _ .

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviSf 10° die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. George Venables Vernon presented to the House, Swansea according to Order, a Bill for removing and re- Market,

gulating the Public Market and Shambles for the Sale &c’

of Meat, within the Borough and Town of in

the County of Glamorgan: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Amcotts presented to the House, according to Spridlington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open inclosore. Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, within the Parish of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Leicester Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- to seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing aPRoad».

" and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester,

" to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham,

" in the County of Rutland, and to Wansjord, in the " County of Northampton, and from thence to - borough, in the said County of ," as

relates to the District of the said Road from the said Town of Wansjord, in the County of Northampton, on the Eall Side of the North Road leading from Wansjord Bridge to the Town of Stamjord, through the Towns of Ailjworth, Cajlor, and Longthorpe, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, from the Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the District of the Road from the Borough of Leicester ( to the Town of Wansjord, as far as the West Side of the North Road leading from Wansjord to Stam-

jord, which District is One of the Two Districts described in the said Act; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the DiUriel of the Road from Wansjord to the City of Peterborough; and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Road within the said District be completely repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act (so far as the same relates to the said Dif-tridl) be further continued and enlarged; and that the

Road.

rr- -

14 Geo. III. io Ma551

Road from the Termination of the said Road, at the fation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

Entrance of the City of Peterborough, to the Market Place of the said City, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be completely repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, To far as the same relate to the said District of Road from Bridge to Peter-

borough aforesaid, and for repairing the Road from the Entrance of the City of Peterborough to the Market Place of the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Hotchkin, Henry Shield, John , Esquires,

Henry Robinson, Clerk, William John Bellars,

William Forfitt, and others, Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Borough of to and by

" the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the " County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County " of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton for surveying, ordering, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the District of the said Road from the said Borough or Town of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, to the said Town of Wansford, in the said County of Northampton, as far as the West Side' of the North Road leading from Wansford Bridge to Stamford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Stawton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-ludoftire. mon frieI<Js, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight-ley, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brickie- Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to hampton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and o are. (2otnrnon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Parish or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LinenTrade. A Petition of the Huckaback Table Linen Manu-(Durham.) fastarers of Darlington, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which, the Petitioners alledge, they attribute chiefly to the great Importation of Foreign Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and to pass l'uch Laws as may seem best adapted for the Encouragement of the Home Manufacture of Linen, and to give l'uch other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to ' whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Dunton An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Right honourable lndofure. John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks, and for veiling certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencerand for making a Compen-Voi. 34.

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Right honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks, and for veiling certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer-, and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Fincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heatley's to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley, with Arabella Divorce. Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing so much of J?ree P°rtf* Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of Uama, ca0 the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lincoln'* Inn Reading of the Bill for declaring the Society of Lin- Society. coins Inn, and their Lands and Tenements, within the Limits and Bounds thereof, in the County of Middlesex, not to be liable to Parochial Duties or Burthens, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Six Months.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom Deeping the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, nF?ns several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixteenth and Se- mna8e* venteenth, and Twenty-second Years of King Charles the Second, and of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Owners of Buildings, Wharfs, and Frontages, on both Sides of the River Welland, Part of which are proposed to be made Use of for widening the said River, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table’: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.; and an Amendment was made, by the 'House, to the Bill. ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Linen toTefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 1 ra<le esquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of the 10th Day of Febru-

7 B ary

55^ 10° — ii Mar HiA, 1774.

1ary 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s ingham: And the same was received; and read the First

Treasury, on the Petition of the Linen Manufacturers Time.

of Great Britain and Ireland, which was presented to the Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

Houseupon the 26th Day of April 1770, be referred to

the said Committee. A Bill to prevent the taking and carrying away of Carnarvon

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report from the Stones from the Sea Shore, below High Water Mark, S^0 re Commissioners of the Customs, of the 13th Day of between Orms Head, in the County of and M‘

March 1770, to the Lords Commissioners of His the River at Voryd, was read a Second Time.

Majesty’s Treasury, on the Memorial of the Manu- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. facturers of checqued and striped Linens, in and near Hams, Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet this Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, which was pre- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s fented to the House upon the 26th Day of April 1770, Chamber, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Clothiers of the City of New Sarum, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion; it beiifg after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Exports — Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

WooH‘n Account of the Value of the different Species of

Manufacture and Produce exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Ruff a, and Ireland-, distinguishing the Value of Woollen Goods under one general Head, from Christmas 1770 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

Imports — Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Linens. Account of the Value of the Imports from Germany, Holland, Russia, and Ireland, into London, and the Out Ports of England, for the last Ten Years that can be made up; distinguishing each Year, the Value of the Linens, and the Quantity converted into British Yards.

Raw Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Linen Yarn. Account of the Quantities of Raw Linen Yam imported into England, from Foreign Parts, and from Ireland, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

Ticks Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an br Tickings. Account of the Quantity of Ticks, or Tickings, imported into England and exported from thence, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 11° die Martii;

Anno 144 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

Twyford "V/T R. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Inclosure. JLVJk Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlets of Twyford and don, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buck-8

A Petition of Sir Roger Moflyn, Baronet, Lord of Ditto, the Manor of Neflon and Leighton, and John G-legg,. *c'

Rfquire, Lord of the Manor of Gayton, in the County aU0TS-J of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; „

Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners said Manors lie on the opposite Side of the River Dee, and are equally injured with those described in the said Bill, by the same Practices: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for securing their Lands, in the said Manors of Neflon, Leighton, and Gayton, in like Manner as the Lands on the West Side of the said River Dee are by the said Act secured, from the Injuries now daily done to the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Owen,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom Bewdley, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Stc-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by a Roads* certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the " Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the " several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of " Worcester and Salop, respectively," and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto also subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Bewdley aforesaid, and of other Places adjoining or lying near to the said Roads, . was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr Wilson Ailefbury Roberts, being examined, said,.

That several large Sumo of Money have been borrowed on the Credit thereof, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, but great Part thereof is almost as bad now as when the Act passed, owing to the great Wear of the Roads, the badness of Materials, and the Smallness of the Tolls:

That the Road leading from a Place called Deerhanging Bank to Areley, is very narrow, and in a very bad Condition; and the Streets in the Towns of Bewdley and Cleobury Mortimer are greatly damaged by Timber, and other heavy Carriages, and cannot be amended by the Laws in being.

Mr. Charles Holland confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Roberts, with respect to the Streets in the Towns of Bewdley and Cleobury Mortimer.

Mr. Roberts, being again examined, said. That he knows the Road between Dunley and the Cross Lanes, and likewise the Place where the new Bridge across the

River

Eye new Writ,

Ratcliffe,

&c.

Inclosure*

Godley (Surrey) Innkeeper See. Licences.

14 Geo. III. 11° Martii. 553

River Severn is to be built, which Road is a looie Tandy dated the 4th of 1773> anc^ figged by Sir

Soil; and that if the same was taken out of the Bewdley Mawbey, Baronet, and Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire, the Trust, and put under the Hundred House Trull, it would only Justices then in Attendance, be attended with great Convenience, and prevent a Gate That, in Consequence of the said Precept, all the Vic-being put up, which would catch Travellers passing a tuallers within the said Hundred, applied for Licences very short Part of the Road. at the Time and Place appointed by the said Precept,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to when the only Justices present were the said Sir Joseph enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made and Mawbey, and Nathaniel Rowe, Esquire. passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his That all the Innkeepers, Publicans, and Victuallers, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An producing their former Licences, and paying the an Act for repairing and widening several Roads lead- customed. Fees to the Clerk of the said Meeting, ing from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of obtained a Renewal of their Licences for selling Ale " Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in and Beer, in the usual Form, signed by the said Two " the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively; and Justices, who at the same Time took the usual Recogfor repairing and widening several Roads and Streets nizances as required by Law, which have fine* been " leading into the said Roads:" And that Mr. Tud-regularly returned to the Quarter Sessions for the said way. Sir Edward Winnington, Niv. Wtard, Mr. Dowdef- County.

well, and Mr. Baldzvyn, do prepare, and bring in, the Mr. Rixter, a Victualler at Chobham, within

fame. the said Hundred, informed your Committee, That he

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele<fling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye,- in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the honourable William Cornwallis, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His. Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

in the County of Buckingham.

Sir John "Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow', Pasture, and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property in the said Fields is Two Yard Lands and a Half; and that the whole Property in the said Fields intended to be inclosed, connfts of Twenty-six Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment# thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names ’ are thereunto subscribed, Innkeepers, Publicans, and Victuallers, of the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and others the Innkeepers, Publicans, and Victuallers, of the said Hundred, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report' iq his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Mr. Robert Mackafon informed your Committee; That a Precept was issued to the High Constable of the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, to summon the Innkeepers, Publicans, and Victuallers, of the said Hundred, to attend the Justices, at the King's-Head Inn, at Chert fey, on the ill September following, to take out Licences for selling Ale and Beer; which Precept was

Vol. 34.

took out One of the said Licences, which he carried, on the 30th of November lait, to the proper Officer of the Excise, then at the Crown Inn, at Chertsey, in order to obtain a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors; who told him. That his V iCtuallers Licence was good for nothing, and that lie was liable to an Information even' Day, as his Licence was not legally signed. Sir Joseph Maivbey being incapacitated from signing the lame, by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of fiis late Majesty.

Mr. John Atkyns, and Mr. William Burton, both Victuallers within the said Hundred, being examined, informed your Committee, That they had applied in like Manner to the Officer of Excise, and had been refused Licences for the same Reason: And Mr. Burton added, that all the Victuallers in the said Hundred of Godley were in the same Circumstances.

An Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign was then read; whereby it appeared, that no Justice of the Peace being a Common Brewer of Ale or Beer, Innkeeper, or Distiller, or other Seller of, or Dealer in Ale or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, or interested in any of the said Trades or Businesses, or being a Victualler or Maltster, shall be capable, or have any Power to grant any Licence or Licences, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for selling Ale or Beer, or any other Liquots, by Retail; and in case any such Justice or Justices shall grant any such licence, the same shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Then Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet, informed your Committee, That he is concerned in a Corn Distillery, but that the Spirits he fells are not fit for drinking, in the State in which he fells them, but are sold to Compound or Rectifying Distillers, who, he apprehends, distil. them twice more before they are fit for drinking; and that he scarce ever fells a smaller Quantity than Onb Tun, generally Two at a Time; and that the Price of a Tun of such Spirits, at this Time, is £.66.

And Sir Joseph Mawbey further informed your Committee, That hearing, for the first Time, on the 30th of November last, that Mr. Thomas Collector of Ex-

cife for Surrey Collection, had refused to grant the Spirituous Liquor Licence, he applied, on Behalf of the Victuallers, to tire said Mr. Butfian, then at the Excise Office at Chertsey, and was told by him, that he could not grant the Licences, for the Reason before mentioned.

And another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was also read; which recites an Act of the Second Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, whereby Licences to keep a Common Inn, or Alehouse, or to retail any Brandy, ox strong Waters, may be granted at any general Meeting or the Justices of the Peace acting for the Division where the Person applying for such Licence dwells, to be holden on the First Day of September yearly, or within Twenty Days after, or at any other general Meeting of the said Justices;

9*

Pembroke

Gaol,

&c.

554

11

Martii.

A. 1774.

and enacts, That no Licence shall be granted to Victuallers, but on the First Day of September yearly, or within Twenty Days after; and that the Day and Place for granting such Licences shall be appointed by Two or more Justices acting for the Division, by a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, directed to the High Con-{table or High Constables of the Division, to order the respective Petty Constables, or other Peace Officers, to give Notice to the several Innkeepers and Alehouse-keepers of the Day and Place of such Meeting; and that all Licences granted at any other Time or Place shall be null and void.

Then Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Fifth Year of his present Majesty, were read; whereby Persons selling Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, without Licence, are subject to several Penalties and Disabilities.

Then Mr. Mackafon, being again examined, informed your Committee, That he believes all the Victuallers in the said Hundred continue to carry on that Business at present; though he has heard several of them say, they are apprehensive of Prosecutions for the fame.

He also informed your Committee, That he understands there is a written Agreement among the Magistrates acting for the said Division of Godley, to hold a Meeting at the King's Head Inn at on the First

Wednesday in every xVlonth, unless it happens to be the Week of the General Quarter Sessions, in which case it is adjourned to the Wednesday following.

That at the said Meeting, on the ift of September, no Complaint was made of any House within the said Division; that no new House was then licensed; and that no new House has been licensed since he has been Clerk to the said Justices, which is Fourteen or Fifteen Years; and that there are Fifty-three or Fifty-four Victuallers within the said Division.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Manner of licensing Alehor.fes, in that Part of " Great Britain, called England, and for the more easy " convicting Persons selling Ale and other Liquors, " without Licence," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for foiling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions: And that Sir Francis Vincent and Mr. Howard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of such His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thetnfelvcsand others, the Justices, Freeholders, and Inhabitapts, of the same County; and also the Petition of such of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names.are thereunto subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Forde James, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, being examined, laid. That the Common Gaol belonging to the said County, in the Town of Haverford West, is an ancient Building, greatly

gone to decay, aJnd Hands in a low, unhealthy, and confined Situation; and is highly inconvenient for the Pur-jpose intended.

That at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County, it was the Opinion of the Court, that a New Gaol was absolutely necessary, and ought to be erected.

That the said Gaol is in Itleh a ruinous Condition, that it was presented by the Grand Jury of the said County in the Year 1770, and a Fine of jf.400 was ordered by the Judges of Assize to be levied on the County,

In Support of the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition,

Mr. James informed your Committee, That it will be necessary to erect a House of Correction for the said County of Pembroke, as well as a Common Gaol; and if the said Gaol and House of Correction should be built in the Town of Haverford West, the same ought to be deemed Part of the County of Pembroke.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Otdered', Tf.at Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Owen and Mr.

Rice do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His American Majesty’s Command, Colonies.

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor tBofton>)

to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 28th January 1774: Received 8th March-, inclosing,

N° 2. Extract from the Boston , of the

27th January 1774.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Papers, presented to the House by the Lord North upon Monday last, are ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

Sir Edward AJiley reported from the Committee, to Beetley whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley,

Great Bittering, and Grejfenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of SheepwaJk, called Beetley Sheepwalk-, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confont to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Seven Common Right Houfos, and 23 Acres and Three Roods of I^and intended to be inclosod, who refufod to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Right Houfos are 27, and the Whole of the Land to be inclosod con-fists of 830 Acres, or thereabouts, over and besides the Common and Waste Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into America. Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday last, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon Monday last and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command;

The

Knarefbo-

rough

Forest

Inclosure.

Fitzmaurice’*

Plantation

Eftaje*.

14 Geo. III. ii° — 14 Martii. 555

The House proceeded to tike the same into Consideration: And His Majesty’s said most gracious Mef-sage was again read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered.

And the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s said most gtacious Mef-sage, together with the said Papers, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Petition of Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, and William Maflerman, Esquire, the Guardians of John

Ingilby, Esquire, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Richard Wilson, Peter Johnson, and Francis Fawkes, Esquires, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the Waste Lands, lying within the Eleven Constableries of the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the 21 ft Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir Cecil Wray, Sir Henry Hogkton, General Burgoyne, and Sir Thomas Frankland, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of Aboan Fitzmaurice, Gentleman.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the only brother, and nearest Relation Jiving, of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, late Lieutenant

Governor of His Majesty’s Island of Saint Vincent, deceased, whose Estates are escheated to the Crown; and that the Petitioner, having subsisted principally by the Brotherly Generality of the said Governor, and relinquished his Occupations here with a View to make a Voyage to Dominica, upon the Intelligence of his Brother’s Death, was soon reduced to Distress; and that the Petitioner applied for Relief to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, who appointed the Right honourable Colonel Barre, and the honourable Mr. Fitzmaurice, Administrators to the Personal Estate of the Deceased, and recommended the Petitioner’s same to them; and that the Petitioner, already deprived of the Provision made for him by the Will of the late Earl of Kerry, for want of Means to assert his Claim, is threatened with a limilar Addition to the Loss of his Brother, by the Bill depending for diverting out of the Crown the Estate of the said Ulysses Fitzmaurice; the Purport of which being, that the Public Money accruing from this Escheat should be applied according to Instructions said to have been given by the Deceased for making his Will; and that the Residue, which will be more than Three Fourths of the Whole, should be distributed to other poor Relations of the Intestate’s Mother; the Petitioner, though a Brother, would receive comparatively much less than the Coulin Germans, and the most distant Relations would be better provided for than the nearest; which is contrary to the Disposition of his said Brother, who uniformly distinguished the Petitioner by an affectionate Correspondence, and a generous Contribution to his Subsistence, and whose long and faithful Services, he hopes, will enhance the Petitioner’s Right to greater Bounty; and that from those Considerations, and in consequSftce of the usual Line in which escheated Fortunes are by Royal Bounty permitted to defeend, the Petitioner prays the House, That, after the Payment of the Bequest directed to be given to James, Robert, and John, Fitzmaurice, the Surplus shall belong to the Peti-

VOL. 34.

tioner, or; if the House should think proper to extend Parliamentary Bounty to the most distant Relations of the Deceased on his Mother’s Side, that they will not exclude the Orphan Representative (named John -'maurice) of another Brother on his Father’s Side; and that the Petitioner may be heard, either by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Interest therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Utyjjes Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lun<Z) 140 die Martii j Anno 14° Georgii IIIm Regis, 1774. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields* Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds* in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord -lozv Bertie, Sir Brownlow Cust, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Ajl within the Parish of

Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Ten Acres of Land, who laid they disliked Inclosures, and would not sign the Bill; and except the Owner of Two Acres, who could not be found; and also except One of the Lessees of the Bishop of Oxford, who said the Inclosure was intirely contrary to his Inclination, and refused to sign the Bill, but said he would not of-pose; and that the Lands to be inclosed are computed to contain in the Whole about 1,550 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A ‘ Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish

7 C of

Ludborough

Inclosure.

Cropped jr Inclosure.

Spridlington

Inclosure.

Sc. Giles and Bloomsbury Poor.

Barton,

&c.

Inclosure.

Keck’s

Name.

Linen Trade (wich).

Ditto.

(Launccllon

and

Newport.)

Ditto.

(Birmingham).

55

14° Ma

a. 1774.

of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cotts. Lord Brownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing, the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton Bendish, or Eastmore, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck, Spinster, and her ItTue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, in Behalf of themselves and others, of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made, for laying additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Linens from Germany and other Parts, to which great Quantities of the Woollen and Worsted Manufactures of the said City have for many Years been exported; and representing to the House, that the Exports to Foreign Parts, of the Woollen and Worsted Manufactures have of late Years veiy much declined: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Thing that may be attempted, which may aftect their Manufactories, in the declining and critical State of their Foreign Trade.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade, of the Boroughs of Launcejlonand Newport, in the County of Cornwall, was also presented to the House, and read

Setting forth. That the Petitioners understand a Bill is intended to be brought in, to lay an additional Duty on all German Linens; and representing to the House, that if any further Burthen should be laid on the Importation of Foreign Linens, it must materially affect and injure the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom in general, and particularly distress the poor Inhabitants of the said. Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take those alarming Consequences under their Consideration.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made, for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Foreign Linens, and for diminishing the Drawbacks upon their Exportation; and that a considerable Part of the Manufactures of the said Town and Neighourhood have been for many Years, and still are, exported to those Countries where such Linens are made and fold; and should any new Burthen be added thereto, the Petitioners apprehend that such heavy Duties will be inrpoled

Abroad, on the Goods made here, as will give great Advantage to some Manufactories established in Germany similar to their own, and occasion the Loss of a Branch of Trade very interesting to this Kingdom as well^as themselves, and on which many Thousands of their Poor depend for a Subsistence: The Petitioners therefore hope the House will take their same into Consideration, before they come to any Resolution of increasing the Duty already laid upon Foreign Linens, or of diminishing the Drawback.

A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers in Cleveland, in the North Riding, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which, the Petitioners alledge, is owing to the increasefi Importation of Foreign Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under a solid Consideration, and to pass such Laws as may seem belt adapted for the Encouragement of the Home Manufacture of Linen, and to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, FaC^jfs, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of

Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and also of the Factors and Manufacturers of the Towns of and Darlaston, in the said County of Stafford, was also

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, it is intended to lay an additional £)uty upon Foreign Linens imported, and to lessen the Drawbacks of all such Linens upon Exportation; and that the greatest Part of the Manufactures of the said Towns are exported to Germany, and other Parts of the Continent, where such Foreign Linens are made and imported into this Kingdom; and that, if any additional Duties should be laid on Foreign Linens imported, or any Burthens or Restrictions upon the Exportation thereof, the Petitioners are informed. Foreign Powers will impose such heavy Duties upon the Goods and Manufactures made here, as will give great Advantage to Numbers of similar Manufactories established in Germany and many other Parts of the Continent, which will be very injurious and detrimental to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom in general,- and of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying the House will take these alarming Consequences into Consideration, and give them such Relief in the Premises as shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Manufacturers, of the Towns of Wolverhampton, Bilstone, and Willenhall, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made, for laying an additional Duty upon Foreign Linens on Importation into this Kingdom, and lowering the Drawback upon the Exportation; and that a . great Part of the Manufactures of the said Places and Neighbourhood have been many Years exported to the Countries where such Linens are fabricated, and should any new Duty be laid upon the Imports of such Linens, and the Drawback oq Exportation lessened, the Petitioners have lteafpn to think that such heavy Duties will be imposed Abroad, on the Goods made here, as will immediately decrease our Demands, and in Time occasion the Loss of a Trade highly interesting to this Kingdom as well as themselves, and on which many Thousands of their industrious Poor depend for a Subsistence: And therefore, praying the House to take their same into Consideration, before any Alteration is made on the Duties or Drawback already established.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Manufacture of Cutlery Wares, in the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and of several of the lYincipal Cutlers, Sciflersmiths, and other Manufacturers of Iron and Steel Wares, within the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names arc thereunto fiib-feribed, was also presented to the House, and read;

7 Setting

Ditto.

(Cleveland).

Ditto.

(WalfalL)

Ditto.

(Wolverhampton,

&c.)

Ditto.

(Sheffield).

Ditto. (Glasgow )

Weeting

inclosure.

Beetley,

&c.

inclosure*

Waddefdon

inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 14° Martii.

557

getting forth, That the Commerce of the Petitioners, in the Cutlery Manufacture, into Russia, Poland,

Dantzick, and Hamburgh, now is, and for a long Time has been, a very extensive Branch of their Foreign Trade, and one of the greatest Supports of the poor and laborious Manufacturers of this Place and Neighbourhood, and which has been chiefly owing to the Encouragement given to the Importation of German and Russia Linens; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it is intended to lay further Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Linens, or otherwise to discontinue the Drawback. at present allowed upon such Part of those Linens as shall be exported abroad to America and the West Indies, which may tend to prejudice and endanger the valuable Branch of Commerce which the Petitioners now have with Germany and other Northern Countries: And-therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Confide, ration, and permit them to be heard, by themselves.or Agents, against any Propositions which may appear to them likely to prejudice and endanger the Interest of their Manufacture and Trade.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the City of Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which, the Petitioners alledge, is the Cause of many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects being reduced to the utmost Indigence, and Numbers of them obliged to emigrate to distant Countries, to prevent them from starving: And therefore praying the House to take this important Affair into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Sir Edward AJlley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing* the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and-, Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half Year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Bittering, and Gref'enhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk called Beetley Sheepzvalk; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley, was read a Third Time.

ResolvedfXXxaxthe Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half. Year Closes, in the Parishes of , Great Bittering,

and Greffenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk called Beetley Sheepwalk; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Aflley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and , Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments

Vol. 34.

thereunto; which they had directed him-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by- Mr. Holford and Mr.

Eamej:

Mr..Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Turnpike Act to repeal a Clause in:an Act, made in the Thirteenth kpad*. Year of HiSj present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " Ah' (Wheels,&c.J " Act R); explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of " Parjiafnent, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great.

" Britain called England-, ^nd for other Purposes," which regulates the:Width-of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed, and for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the said Clause; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to thp Bill, intituled, An March, Act for amending and rendering more effectual, an n *c* Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his rama^e* late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands,

" Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Toyvnships or " Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish " of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of " bridgeffo far as the same relates to the several Fen

Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth District, in the said Act, described; without any Amendment:

Andallo^,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tottington Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Indolure. Half Year.Lands, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows,. Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Totlington, in the County of Norfolk; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Election*. Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act JWon’a for veiling certain Estates in the County of Devon, late Effete, of Thomas Benson, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raile Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for In- Deed* and raiment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third ' a*

Time.

.Resolved., That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An -Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

An mgrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ratcliffe, Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon , in n 0 urc* the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadow, Pasture, and all other Commonable Grounds,

within

55^ i40 Martu. A. 1774.

within the Manor of Rateltff'e upon Wreak, so the County said. It was not sufficient for those Purposes. And the of Leicester. Witness further said, That the Inhabitants of the said

Ordered, That Sir Jehu Palmer do carry -the Bill to Square are willing and desirous to raise, by a Rate upon the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, themselves, a sufficient Sum of Money to enable them,

not only to pave, repair, cleanse, and light, the said Benton's An fogrofled Bill from the Cords, intituled, An Act Square, but also to water the fame, and to indole the EAates. for veiling certain Estates in the County of Devon, late Garden within the Square in a better and more fub-of Thomas Benson, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be stantial Manner than it is inclosed at present, and to fold, to raise Money, to be applied under the Direction alter and embellish the lame, in case they are empowered of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Le- so to do.

gacies affecting the same Estates, was read the First Mr. Thomas Partington informed your Corn-

Time. mittee, That there is a Rent reserved by the Leases

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. upon all the Houses in Grosvenor Square, which is to be

v . ' applied towards watering the said Square, and support-

Frafer'* Orderedj That tire Order of the Day, for the Second fog the Fence of the Garden, and keeping the Garden

V'forfeited Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to tyrant iVnto so proper Order -, but that such reserved Rent is not

Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the sufficient for those Purposes.

late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and; Condi- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tions, be now read. ' ! , to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the

And the said Order being read according!}'; ‘ County of to make and levy a Rate on them-

The laid Bill was read a Second Time. selves, for raising Money, effectually to pave, cleanse,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates,

tee of the whole House. or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Pur-

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- poles: And that General Howard, Sir Wat kin Williams

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wynne, and Mr. Knight ley, do prepare, and bring in, the

House, upon the said Bill. 11 fame.

Grosvenor General Howard reported from the Committee, to Square whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the hum-Paving, Sec.petition Gf several Gentlemen, Occupiers of Houses

in Grosvenor Square, so the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he. read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as folkweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and ’ lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty o and Parts

adjacent, was read:

- That by the said Act it appears, that a certain Number of Persons relfcknt in each Parish, within the Limits aforesaid, are to be annually chosen by the Farishi-oners, as Committee Men, for making certain Rates and Assessments therein mentioned, upon all Persons who do or shall inhabit, occupy, or enjoy, any Houses, Lands, or Premises, within the said several Parishes, for defraying the Expences of paving, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets, Squares, and other Places, Within their respective Parishes, as the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts shall order and direct to be paved, cleansed, and lighted.

Then Mr. Charles Little, a Surveyor, Was examined, who said. That the Pavement in Grosvenor Square is v now, and for some Time past has been, in a very ruinous Condition, and is very dangerous and unsafe for Persons passing along the same so Carriages j and that the Inhabitants are very much annoyed by great Quantities of Stones and Dirt which are deposited therein.

And being asked. If he thought the Money authorized to be raised by the said Committee (Men upon the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, by virtue of the said Act, was. sufficient to defray the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the said Square ? he

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Irish Linen Account of the Quantity of Irish Linen imported into imported. England, from Christmas 1756 to Christmas 1773; distin-

guishing the Quantity imported each Year.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Salted Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ®eefi Po*» intituled, An Act to continue, for a further Time, &c*

" an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue,

" for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the " Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease, and " to permit the Importation ol Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

" Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any " Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, free of Duty;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Bricklelmnp. mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable ton Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Parish. Indoforc. or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Ward, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Com- Roads, munication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands &<=. of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1774. na"u

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

14 GEO. III.

146 Mar tit.

559

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll', for the Year 1774.

1

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lenttbx to Dumbarton, 92 Days; consisting of 2 Subaltern Officers at 3 Shillings each per Diem, 2 Serjeants at 1 Shilling each, 2 Corporals at 8 d. each, 2 Drummers and 50 private Men at 6 d. each - — *"--«,--

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augustvs to Bernera, and the Isle of Skay j consisting of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at the foresaid Rates -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Tindromto Inver ary, and from Dalwallie to Branden; consisting of 2 Subalterns, 4 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and roo private Men, at the foresaid Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. -

To a Party to work from Dumbarton up Lochlomonfide, to Tar bett and to Inverary, and through Glenfallach and Glenfrtien to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount B.oad; consisting of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 private Men, at ditto Rates -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from George, through Straths Fey, to Cor-graff Barracks, Braemar Castle, and Blairgowrie and in Angus; copfifting of

2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Min, at the foresaid Rates -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Cam Mount to; con-

sifting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at the foresaid Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, (Ac.

To a Party to work from Strathbogie to Aberdeen, over the Ben; consisting of

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at ditto Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. -

To a Party to work from Fochabers, on Speyjide, to Strathbogie; consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at the foresaid Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. - -

To a Party to work from Canton to Follow, in Ross Shire-, consisting of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 private Men, at the foresaid Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. -

To a Party to work from Blair in Athol to j consisting of 2 Serjeants,

2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at the foresaid Rates -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. ——

To the New Road from Port Patrick to the Water of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port Patrick ——

To the Bridge over the Water of Aray ——

To the Bridge over the Water of Doeveran -

To piling and shoeing the Bridge at Dumbarton, over the Water of Leven To re-build small Arches in Glenary, carried away by the Flood in October -To piling and shoeing under the Great Bridge over the River Jay at Aberfeldie, in great Danger ——

To repair the Great Bridge over the River near Castle Grant -To Three small Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling to Crieff ... To repair sundry small Bridges from Dalwhinnie over the Corriark to Fort Augustus -To repair Bridges from Dalnacardock towards Inverness -

To repair Bridges in Strathbrand, on the Line of Road from Dunkeld to Amelrie To Three small Arches upon the Road from Blair to Dunkeld - -

To Ensign Mi Ccrkell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. M(Leod, for overseeing the Works and attending the Parties, 92 Days, at 5 Shillings each per Diem -

Total -

War Office, nth March 1774.

Barrington„

162 10 8

fo8 — — *

162 IO 8

134 5 —

£ 92 *7 4

*49 10 mrnJm

100 8 8

86 *5 9

162 10 8

125 4 &

79 14 8

S3 16

79 14 8

S3 16

70, 10 8

49 *5 3

72 16 8

49 *5 3

70 10 8

53 16

2,000 — —

800 —

800 —

150 16

90 5 6

230 xo —

49 5 — *

90 6 — *

184 4 —

IOO — —

57 7 —

*35 6

92 —

6,998 18 7

Vol. 34.

7 V>

Ordered,

Widows,

Laudable

Society.

Powis’s

Estate.

(Debt.)

566 14° A. 1774-

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ai*e thereunto subscribed, being divers of the Directors, Trustees, and Members, of a Society, called " The " Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows," on Behalf of themselves and the major Part of the Members of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to compel the present Trustees, who now reside in England, to fell the Capital Stock of the said Society; and that the fame, and such other Monies as belong to the Society, and shall be in the Hands of the Secretary, may be divided amongst the Annuitants and the rest of the Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Claims and Interests; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Plan on which the said Society is now formed, is fully adequate to answer all the Purposes for which it was instituted, the Capital at this Time greatly- increasing; and that, if any Deficiency should happen in the Fund appropriated for Payment of the Widows who become chargeable on the Society, there is an amplti Provision made for the fame, by the Articles entered into by all the Members of the Society; and that the said Society is formed upon the rood benevolent Principles, for the Benefit of the Widows of a Class of Men, many of whom have no other Means of making a suitable Provision for them: And therefore praying, That the Bill for enabling the said Trustees to fell the Capital Stock, and dividing the Money belonging to the Laid Society, may not pass into a Law; and that no Alteration may be made in the present Plan of the said Society; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, being divers of the Directors, Trustees, and Members, of the Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition* against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of the Right honourable Barbara Countels Dowager of Bo wls, in Behalf of the Right honourable George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her Son, now an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, on the 28th of February last, offered a Petition to the House, representing, that the late Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, dee'eased. Father of the said present Earl, having, not long before his Decease, become seised in Fee of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, or one of them, heretofore the real Estates of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, patented a Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, thereby praying their Lordships to permit him to compound a certain Claim of the Crown, in the said Memorial stated to affeift the said real Estates, on such Terms as to the said Commissioners should seem meet; and that the said Memorial being referred by the said Commissioners to the Solicitor of the Treasury, to consider the fame, and to report to their Lordships a State of the Cafe, with his Opinion thereon, the Solicitor of the Treasury, by his Report, bearing Date the 24th Day of November 1772, certified to the said Commissioners, that, by a Decree in the Court of Chancer)', made on the 9th Day of December 1713, between Sir By by Lake, Baronet, Plaintiff, and joseph Newell, and

George Newell, and others, Defendants, it appeared, that

the said Masons Estates in Montgomery and were mortgaged to the said Sir By by Lake, for several large Sums of Money, and that the said Mason was indebted to her late Majesty Queen in it large Sum -issued him, on Account of her Majesty’s Service, as Paymaster of the Transports, in which Tran! ad ions the said Newells had been concerned; and that the said Court of Chancery did, by the said Decree, direct an Account should be taken of what was due to the said Sir By by Lake on his several Mortgages, and also of all Transactions between the said Newells and the said Mason; and, if any thing should be found due to the said Newells, the same should be raised and paid out of the said mortgaged Premises, after Payment of the said Lake's Incumbrances, and be applied towards Satisfaction of what was due from them to the Crown; and the said Solicitor of the Treasury further certified, that, by the Mailer’s Report in the said Cause, dated the 26th Day of June 1770, it appeared there was then due to Byby Lake, Esquire, the legal Representative of the said Sir Byby Lake, on his said Mortgages, for Principal, interest, and Colls, 38,441/. z /. 4 </.; and that, by an Account of the Receiver of the said mortgaged Premises, passed in the Court of Chancery, for One Year ending Lady Day 1768, the yearly Value of the same Premises in Montgomery and was only

1,104/. 15*- to d.;wherefore the said Solicitor of the Treasury submitted to "the Confederation of the said. Commissioners, that, under the Circumstances of the Cafe, and particularly in regard the said mortgaged Premises, if fold, would not fell for nearly the Sum reported due to the said Lake, the Claim the

Crown had thereon could never be satisfied; therefore "the Solicitor of the Treasury was of Opinion, that the said Commissioners might properly consent to the said Estates being discharged from the said Debt due to the Crown; but as it appeared, from the Proceedings in the said Cause in Chancery, that the Solicitor of the Taxes had had the foie Management of the Crown’s interest, he submitted it to the Lords Commissioners, whether it would be proper to direct the Matter of the said Memorial to belaid before the Solicitor of the Tax Office, who would be better able to advise their Lordships, whether any or what Composition ought to be paid; and that the said Report of the Solicitor of the Treasury having by the said Lords Commissioners been referred to the Solicitor of the Tax Office, to report his Opinion on the said Report-, the Solicitor of the Tax Office, by his Report to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated-the Second Da)' of July 1773, certified to their Lordships, that the Fadls stated in the Report of the said Solicitor to the Treasury, with regard to the Debt due to Mr. Lake therein mentioned, and with regard to the annual Value of the said mortgaged Premises, were truly stated; wherefore he was of Opinion, that the interest of the Mortgage to Mr. Lake (whose Debt was prior to that of the Crown) greatly exceeded the Income of the mortgaged Estate, and of Consequence that Mr. Lake's Debt did annually increase; and that he was of Opinion, the Debt due to Mr. Lake much exceeded the intrinsic Value of the mortgaged Estate; and as it would not, in his Opinion, be adviseable for the Crown to redeem the said Mortgage, he thought it might be proper for their Lordships to permit the then Petitioner to apply to Parliament to enable their Lordships to compound the Debt due to the Crown; and after such Act should be obtained, their Lordships might compound the said Debt for such Sum of Money as, under all Circumstances of the Cafe, they should think reasonable; but he was of Opinion, their Lordships could not compound the same without the Aid of Parliament; and that the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, on the Death of his late Father, became, and is now, intitled to the said Estates of the said Charles Mason, whereof his said Father was seised as aforesaid; and although no Benefit can ever

arise

!4 Geo. III. 14° Mar tit.

arise therefrom to the Crown, oft Account of the said Claims, yet such Claim will at all Times be a great Prejudice to the Title of the said Petitioner’s said Son; nor can the said Debt be compounded, so as to discharge the said Estates therefrom, without the Authority of Parliament; therefore the Petitioner, in Behalf of her said Son, prayed, that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound the said Debts so due to the Crown as aforesaid; and, on Payment of such Composition into His Majesty’s Exchequer, for discharging and exonerating the said Estates late of the said Charles Mason from all such Claims of the Crown as aforesaid; and that the said Petition, when presented as aforesaid, could not then be received, according to the Order of the House, for want of a Certificate from the proper Officer, dating the said Debt, which the Petitioner had not then obtained, nor did Ihe or her Agents then know that the same was necessary; and that the Petitioner hath now obtained such Certificate from the proper Officer: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to receive her said Petition, in the same Manner as if it had been presented in due Time.

And a Member in his Place having confirmed to the House the Truth of ,the Allegations contained in the said Petition, with respect to the Time and Manner of offering the forrher Petition to the House.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, and of the Information now given to the House by the said Member, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Barbara Countess Dowager of

Then a Petition of the Right honourable Barbara Countels Dowager of Powis, in Behalf of the Right honourable George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her Son, now an Infant, together with a Certificate thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying the House, in Behalf of the said George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her Infant Son, That Leave may- be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound the said Debt fodue to the Crown as aforesaid, and, on Payment of such Composition into His Majesty’s Exchequer, for discharging and exonerating the said Estates, late of the said Charles Mason, from all such Claims of the Crown as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad; contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooper, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

.merican A Petition of William Bollan, Esquire, Agent for the

'olonies. Council of the Province of Bay, in

England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the English American Colonies were deduced and planted by the Adventurers and Settlers, at their Expence, in Foreign inhospitable Lands, acquired by their vigorous Efforts, made under the Authority of their Princes, granted with the Encouragement proper for this spirited and noble Enterprize; and that the several Princes, by whose Authority the Colonies were established, and the numerous Nobles and other worthy Persons, of whom several were Men of the

VOL. 34.

greatest Accomplillmients, endued with the Wisdom proper for obtaining and preserving Empire, by whole Advice, Aid, and Concurrence, they were undertaken and advanced, were so far from understanding that these Adventurers and Settlers, who, by their Travail, Expences, Labours, and Dangers, should enlarge the public Dominion, should thereby, contrary to natural Justice, lessen their public Liberties; that, from the many Letters Patent Royal, made and paffld for obtaining and regulating new Dominion, and the whole History of their Settlement, it manifestly appears, it was the Intent of all Parties, that the Settlers and their Posterity should enjoy the fame; whereupon they became Adventurers; and, inspirited by their Confidence therein* with their long and quiet Enjnyifient of their public Rights, overcoming Difficulties, Perils, and Hardships, inexpressible and innumerable, they raised the King’s American Empire out of a dreary and dangerous Wilderness, with so great and continual Increase of Commerce, that of late Years it hath given Employment unto Two Thirds of the British Shipping, with a comfortable Support to no small Part of the Inhabitants of Great Britain, and great Addition to the Dignity and Strength of its Naval Empire; and that, by the Statute Law of this Kingdom, it is clearly supposed, and in effect fully declared, that the Colonists were well entitled to the English Right, and the Lands they inhabit free; and that the A£la Regia of Queen Elizabeth and her Successors, whereby the Acquests of new Dominion were made and established, and Security given to the Adventurers, Planters, and their Descendants, of the perpetual Enjoyment of their public Liberties, having, as the Petitioner presumes, never been laid before the House, nor the Colonies ever yet had any Opportunity to ascertain and defend their invaluable Rights, and the House, as the Petitioner is advised, now having under their Consideration the State of the Northern Colonies; the Petitioner therefore prays. That he may be permitted to appear, and lay before the House authentic Copies of the proper AEla Regia, and to support the Matters herein contained, in a Manner suitable to their Nature, and the Inclinations of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Mef-sage of Monday last, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the yth and nth Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the same into further Consideration.

And His Majesty’s said most gracious Message was again read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered).

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the immediate Removal of the Officers concerned in the Collection and Management of His Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the Town of Boston, in the Province of Massachusetts Bay, in North America; and to discontinue the Landing and Discharging, Lading and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Boston, or within the Harbour thereof: And that the Lord North, Mr. Onfloiv, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rice, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday last, together with the Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th and nth Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command, be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next.

American

Colonies.

Boston Port and Officers.

5 6i 14° — 15 'MA. 17741

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, " stableries thereof \ and for other. Purposes therein to consider of the said Message and Papers. " mentioned And the same was-received; and read

the First Time.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Land Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Tax- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Glasgow, whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners cording to Order, a Bill to continue the Terms of Two to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City " the Service of the Year 1774," together with those of so far as the same relate to the Reads from

named in Two former Acts for appointing Commis- the City of to to

sioners of the Land Tax. 1° the Three Mile House, to the Town of and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew: And the same was Morning, Ten of the Clock. received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more Deeping _ . oi- iur effectual, several Acts of Parliament, of the 16th and Fen*

MarttS) 15 dtc v/lartlt\ 17th, and 2ad Years of King Charles the Second, and drainage.

of the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty, for draining and Anno 14® Georgii III,n Regis, 1774. preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title P R A v E rs. be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual,

Battersea Ti /T R. Onslow reported from the Committee, to several Acts of Parliament, of the 16th and 17th, and new Church. IVJ. whom the Petition of the Minister, Church- 2 id Years of King Charles the Second, and of tire nth wardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Bat- Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving terfea, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the\ certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the County of Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Lincoln.

tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Ordered, That Sir Wray do carry the Bill to the appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wad.Vfioi as followeth; viz. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- inclosur®*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. mon Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish Richard Dixon,a Surveyor, being examined, said. That of Waddefdon, in the County of Bucks, was read the the Church and Steeple of the said Parish are in so Third Time.

ruinous a Condition, that it is become dangerous for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Inhabitants to attend Divine Service there; and that be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and the said Church and Steeple are incapable of being re- Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, paired. Then, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddefdon, in

Mr. Daniel Lewin, the Sexton, being examined, said, the County of Bucks.

That the Number of Inhabitants in the said Parish is so Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the much increased, that the Church Yard is too final I, Lords, and desire theix Concurrence, the Ground being raised 5 Feet above the Level of

the Church Floor, by Means of the Bodies interred A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Twyford therein. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, Inclosure.

Your Committee then called Mr. Charles Stephens, within the Hamlets of Twyford and Charndon, in the Collector of the Rates, who, being examined, said, That Pari Hi of Iwxford, in the County of Buckingham, was the Parish are unable to bear the Expence of re-building read a Second Time.

the Church and Steeple, and of enlarging the Church Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Yard, without the Aid of Parliament; that the Parish Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, are possessed of an Estate, which is appropriated to the at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Support of the said Church; but that it is apprehended

they are not authorized to apply the Produce thereof to A Petition of John Bach, and Charles Fre- Copy Right*

the re-building the fame, without a further Authority derick Abel, on Behalf of themselves and several other of for that Purpose; which was confirmed by the Opinion Composers and Proprietors of Books, Works, and Com- Boo£W!ers,

of Counsel, produced to Your Committee. positions in Music, was presented to the House, and c*

Your Committee then examined Mr. Joseph Dixon, a read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Booksellers Surveyor, who being asked what would be the Expence of London and Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and of re-building the said Church and Steeple, and of en- others, Holders of Copy Right; and reciting Part of an

larging the Church Yard, said, it would cost £.5,000. Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Anne, for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling

re-building the Parish Church of Battersea, in the County the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Pur-

of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said chafers of such Copies; and Setting forth, That a Parish Church: And that Mr. Onslow and Sir Francis Doubt hasarifen, whether the foie Right granted by the Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame. said Act, to the Author of any Book or Books, extends

to the Author of any Book, Writing, or Composition in Knarefbo- Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House, accord- Music: And therefore praying. That Provision may be rough Forest ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth made, for obviating such Doubt; and that they may nccure. y^r of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, have such Relief in the Premil'es as to the House shall " An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open seem meet.

" Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Con- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

4 of

l. AG,.

i4 Ge6. III.

'I S Mar

of the Booksellers of London and Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and others, Holders of Copy Right, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Glasgow A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two to Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign ^Roads* his hate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Co

far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow through to that Part of the

Water of Kelvine, called The MUnford of , was

read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell’, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fitzmaurice’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Plantation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estate. upon the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Fitzmaurice, Esquire, de-

ceased, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

: Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 23d Day of this lnstant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant 10 their Orders,

Foreign An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens ex-Linens ported from England, from the 5th of January 1772, to exported. t|)e £» [, cf

1774; distinguishing each Year, and what have been exported to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations, and what to ether Places: And also,

British An Account of the Quantities of and Irish

Linens exported from England, with the Amount of Linens the Bounties paid or payable thereon, from the 5th of exported. January 1772 to the 5th of January 1774; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Oi dered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ayr Bank. A Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugk, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queenjlerry and , and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ed, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hop Ordered, That John Raymond, Esquire, do, upon this

Merchants, Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole' House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Hop Merchants, Exporters, Factors, Brewers, and others. Dealers in, and Consumers of Hops, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent.

Vol. 34,

Ordered, ThatMr. Thomas Davis do attend the said Committee, al; the same Time.

Ordered, ThdVMr. Charles Foreman do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.,’ ....

Ordered, That Mr.' Timqthy 'Tates do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William CoffiA do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dyson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Scott do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephen Holman do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Bank

cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and Scotland*

Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House prisoneri> to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej and

to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Pri- Gaols, foners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; and for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, be now read. ♦

'And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdkts for the Vm, } 39-

Tellers for the Noes, 2^ } S

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had, pursuant to the Power given them by the House, turned, the said Bill into Two Bills; and had made several Amendments to One of the said Bills for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. _

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Clavering also reported from the said Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and made feme Progress in the other of the said Bills for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Madhouse*. the 8th Day of this Instant March, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

7 E Thwfday

*5 —

V

Thursday next, upon the Bill for regulating Madhovfes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order"be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 24th Day of this Instant March, relblve itfejf into a Committe of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

Ordered, That Mr. John. Hulton do, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant attend

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Linen A Petition of the Clothiersand Traders in the Woollen

(Ilmlfter,) Manufactory, living and residing in and near the Town of Ilmifter, in the County of Somerftt, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That the Woollen Trade hath for some Years past been very bad; and that there is almost a total Stagnation of that Branch of Trade in the said County; and that the Petitioners are informed, that some Regulations are intended to be made, by putting an additional Duty upon Foreign Linens, which would greatly affect, injure, and prejudice, the Staple of England: And therefore praying, That such intended Regulations of the Foreign Linfifi Trade may not in any wise affect, prejudice, or injure, the Staple of this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 160 Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

PLAYERS.

Prifcnen fT' IIE Lord Lisburne, from the Commissioners for Health X executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of in Gaols. Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order,

An Account of the Methods practised in Hospital, for preventing the spreading of contagious Distempers.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ibstock Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. wilom g;u for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of Hucklefote and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of Ibflock, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Martii. A, 1774.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Pontefract the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Wnt* ment for the Borough of Pontefratt, in the County of York, In the room of the Right honourable Henry William Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

deceased.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to thp Thame* Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noble- N*n.<1 men, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, *vlgat 0B‘ Lanfl Owners, Manufacturers, -Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of, and residing near, the Borders of the River Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.'

a

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Bishop* tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several *lch!n£t0tt Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Itchington nco"re*

Heath, Christmas Hill, Palmers Furze, The Olt, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Itchington, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the ’Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Harry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Oswaldtwifl# whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Ground^, within the Manor or Lordship of Oswaldtwijle, in the Parish of IVhallin the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heatley’s to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley, with Ara- ^lV0rc5; bella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant March, resolvd itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laid Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,'that they do hear Countel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear

jf Counsel,

HenfhalPs

Smithy,

&c.

Roads.

Carnarvon

Sea Shore, Stones, See.

Fife

Highways

and

Bridges.

i4 G^o. ill.

16" Jfo/M

S<5S

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coua-fel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from He , upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether , and

by the South Guide Post in , and to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to in the County of Lancajlei', and from Hill

aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, -One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the<Petition of Sir Roger Mofiy Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Neston and Leighton, and John Glegg, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Gayton, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report the State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State o? the Matter of Fast, contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Mr. William Alder oft, being examined, laid. He knows the said Manors; that Stones and Gravel have been carried away from many Parts of them, which lie next the Sea, by which a great deal of Land has been washed away; that some Roads have been destroyed within the said Manors, by being undermined by the Sea; that great Damage has been done to Two Fields in particular; and that, unless the Practice of gathering and carrying away Stones and Gravel on the Sea Shores there be flopped, a great Quantity of Land will be either washed away or overflowed; that he has known the Lands 28 Years, and that the above-mentioned Damage has been done within the last Two or Three Years.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction.to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the taking and carrying away of Stones from the Sea Shore, below High-Water Mark, between Orms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and the River at Voryd, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the preventing the taking away Stones from the Shore, in the Manors of Neston, Leighton, and Gayton, on the opposite Side of the River Dee, in the County of Chester.

General Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of David Earl of Leven, as Prtefes of a general Meeting, and in Name of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, Heritors or Landholders of the County of Fife, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 34.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Daniel Macfarlane, being examined, - said, That the Roads and Bridges in the said County are very ruinous and had, and cannot be repaired by the present Mode of Statute Duty; and that. the Laws respecting that Service want to be extended and enlarged in order to make and keep in Repair the said Roads and Bridges.

Ordered, That Leave5 be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fiji: And that-General Scott, the Lord Advocate of

Scotland, Mr. Wemyfs, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir Laurence Dundas, and M r.Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. > -

«, 1

Mr.'Dowdeswell presented to the House, according Kiddermin.; to Order, a Bill .' for dividing and inclosing several Her Fields^ Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of Inclosure. the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kiddei -rriinster, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Linen Trade, fasturers of the Town of Paisley, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen and Thread Manufactures, which, the Petitioners alledge, is the Cause of many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects being reduced to the utmost Distress for Want of Employ, and many Hundreds of them have been obliged to emigrate from the said Town to distant Countries, to prevent them from starving: And therefore praying the House to take this important Affair into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Linen Manufactures at North Aller- Ditto. ton, and Bromton, in the County of York, was allb pre- (North fented to the House, and read; likewise complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture in that Part of the Nation; which is owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Importation of Foreign Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to pass such Laws as may seem bell adapted for the Encouragement of the Home Manufacture of Linen, and to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks on Linen Trade Soap uled in the Woollen Manufacture, for the last Ten (®°*P)* Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Complin, from African the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company, to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1772, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title."

And

566 i 6m Martiu.1- A. 1774:

And then he withdrew. . i t . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for4he Call of Call

And the Title of the-iaid Paper was read. t the House, be now read. of the H*

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Table, to be pefufed by the' Members of the House. . Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other journed till Friday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Papers of this Session. Instant March.

Militia.

Cropredy

inclosure.

Exports

and

Imports.

Sutton St. Ann’s, tec. Inclosure.

Prisoners, and Gaolers.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of thfc Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for One Year, beginning the 25th Day

of Marcfi 1774, was read a Second Time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morhing, resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, upon the ikid Bill. . ,;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Failures, and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Act Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time. '<

Resolved, That the Bill do paf?: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Act Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, or imported into, Great Britain, from Christmas 1769 to Chrtftm 1773, distinguishing each Place, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Land Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land lax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into tire said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ElcSiors. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing c^*^naI occasional Voters, in Elections of Members to serve in *'

Parliament, for such Cities, Boroughf, and Places, Where the Right of Voting is in the Inhabitants only, or in Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing all-the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds* within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann’s, otherwise Sutton Bonnington, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Four Yard Lands and Three-fourths, who refused to sign the Bill, but said he would not oppose; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of Fifty Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon

TinfdayMorning next.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields,- Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Upton Snodfbury, in the County of Worcester; which Bill was, upon Ffiday the 4th Day of this Instant March, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing, the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton or Eastmore, in the County of Norfolk; which Bill was, upon Monday last, read the First Time; and ordered to be read a Second Time;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think tit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House. to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this I louie will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to

v

Upton

Snodfbury

Inclosure.

Bartov,

See.

Inclosure.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Linen

Trade.

Lewi (ham new Church.

14 Geo. III. 160 — 170 Martii.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His to whotp the Bill for drvidjngfnd inclolipg ^rby^Ppe^ West Majesty: Common Fields," Meadows, Ings, apd Common.- j fC

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning able Lands and Waste Grounds,. withm t)he. Parish of nc 0 ure'

next, resolve itself into the said Committee. West Keal, in ,the County of wjas cpinmitted^;

- , That the Commiftee had examined tbq Allegationsx^'

The other Order of the Day being read; the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

whole House, to enquire further into the present State; the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that thef Com-

of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland. mittee 'had gone through the Bill, and made fe.yerah

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed liifp to, ri3*'"

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Com- report to the House; and lie read the Report in his,

mittee. , Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

- Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a/

That they had heard the Merchants and Traders to: Second Time, One by One.; and, upon the Question

Germany and Holland, and the Dealers in Foreign Li-, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. nens from those Countries resident in London, upon their Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Petition; and had examined another Witness; and had ingossed.

made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; _ -

and that he was directed by the Committee to move, Mr. Gator presented to the House, according to Older, Saint that they may have Leave to fit again. a Bill for enlarging the present, or providing a new, Saviour’s

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ttiefday Morn- Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saviour, °£c‘oue*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Southwark, and for regulating the Poor, in such Work-

House, to enquire further into the present State of the house; for widening Street, at the Entrance into

Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland. the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage

Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Inn, into Queen Street; and for improving the Passage Morning, Ten of the Clock. from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black

Fryars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Chrifi Church:

-------------------------- And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

jfovts, 7 d ey Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-. The Old

cording to Order, a Bill for providing a Workhouse, Artillery Anno 14" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774. and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, Wo/k house

the Poor, within The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty Prayers of The Tozver of London; and for paving, cleansing,

lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other

SIR Charles Farnaby reported from the Committee, Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And and other Inhabitants, of and within the Parish of the same was received; and read the First Time.

Lewifham, in the County of Kent, whose Names are Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time, thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ibstock and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared the Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of Inclosure-to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Hucklefcotand Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ibflock, in the County of was read the Third

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- Time.

eth; viz. ..... Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the John Gorham, a Surveyor, being examined, laid. That Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of the Parish Church of Lnvisham h a very ancient Fa- Hucklefcote, and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of brie, and is very ruinous, and in great Decay: That Ibflock, in the County of the Floor of the Church lies Three Feet below the Sur- Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to face of the Ground round the feme, and is very damp, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and dangerous to the Health of the Inhabitants resort-

ing the reto: That the Walls have imbibed the Damp, Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Hockerton, by which a dry Rot has destroyed the Floors and Pews, whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads *c-and likewise the Timbers which support the Building, near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Roads* by which the Whole is become dangerous; and it is ab- Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Notting-folutely necessary the same should be re-built. ham, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. George Gibson, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same a Surveyor, and Mr. John Corbett, a Builder; who added, to be true; and that the Committee had gone through That the said Church is much too small for the Pa- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; rilhioners; and that the Rc-building the same is efti- which they had directed him to report to the House; mated at about £. 5,000. And the Witnesses severally and he read the Report in his Place,; and afterwards said, they would undertake it for that Sum; but that delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Aid of Parliament. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, re-building the Church of the Parish of Lewifham, in the were agreed to by the House.

County of Kent: And that Sir Charles Farnaby and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the ingossed. lame.;

A Bill for removing and regulating the public Market Swansea Lord Brozvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Borough Mwket> *« Vol. 34. p F and

: , 7/

« 'A

Kinghorn, &c. Duty on Ale andfiecr.

Pryce’s

Estates.

Militia.

Henfkall’s

Smithy,

See.

Roads.

i'7° Mar Hi.

1

1

1774.

arid SrOanfea, in the Gdunty* of 'Glamorgan,'A<W, passed' in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign 06

was reitf.yStcdhd Time. J- ' [‘ ’'".n-) his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing.

ft.efirhedffhhtthe Bill'be committed to Mr. Virkbn, Srid Widening' the-’ltoads-from Smithy, upon

Sir George'Tong*,fkc.: Add they 'ard to-: meet- Vhis^ Cranage Green, through btoe Town of Afternoon,'1 ife FlVe'df 'the 'Clock, in the ^Speaker’s and by the South Guide Post in and Bucklow

Chamber. :!1 ' 1 - r.r d-d; Hill, to the TotVh" of ini the-' County Palatine

' 1 1; i;: ..1 I!- i. . 1 1 iv ;r...d <SH£Hef and storri thefiiid Guide Po’ft to.

Mr! Ofurdld prtreptj!tf’t'i'1thd House, aeeoftffrig to ih- the; Churity of and; from '

Order, a Bill to continue.An Act', made In thC-TWerity- aforesaid-to neat A in the daith

second Year of the Reign of hii ldttTVfajesty King George County of * .7

the? Second, for laying a Efuiy of Two Pennies Scots) ^Ordj That1- -dotiwtyihe Bill .’ta the or 6ne'Sixth Piptof, a Fehriy fSterling^ lipdh every Lords, and detire their Concurrence. u

Scots Pint 6f Ale a^id Beer, AvKiidi shall be--brewedfof b rr. /T-

Sale, brought into, tapped, Jof fdldj within the Town of- ^Ordered, That Sfc> /fVvry-bd.^ddtd-to the Gentle- Potterhan* Kiitghorn,’ and Liberies therCoYi And the same was rC-'- rfienf whb are appointed to prepatej-and bring in,a Hill# w®"h ceived; and'feid the P'irft'Tirh(i./ ' ' 1 - jrudiihnt to the Prayer of the Tetition of the Matter and1 nc 0 "re*

Resolved, That the Billbe reid a Second1 Time. -"' Governors of the Hospital of Jefits Christ, in the City of

Lincoln-, Lords of the Manor of in the

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whorn theingrolftd Bill fiord t lfe Lords; intituled, An Act tdenable1 Trustees, avith;the Crtnfenf of she-I*crfons,; claiming under IHe rWill of Mary Fnce, Spmfter, deceased, to cut'down and fell tlre;Tirh.ber u-poh-the settled Estates! of the said Mary CCu-'nty of

Merioneth;'and to invert* the Monies arising therefrom in the Pbrthafe of ’ Lands and ffereditarrierfts, to be settled tO'the Uses of the said Will; and for -Cither PhN poles, was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the' Bill, and' found the same to be trtiej.and that the -’Patties concerned had given-their Conferst to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the.Committee had directed him to report the‘ Bill to the House, without any Amendment-; and^he delivered; the Bill -in at the Clerk’s Table. -.....; -

And the:laid Bill was read the Third Time. f Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do catty the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint-them, that this House-hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

Ordered That the Order of: the Hayv‘for - the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge: of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, irithat Part of Great Britain called England, fox One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1774* be now read; - -;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself int of the laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. < .

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Char let WhiMorthreported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed h/m to report, when the House -will please to receive the same. ’:

Ordered,-That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed - Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall’s,

upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford , and1 by the South Guide Port in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town of Allrinchamfva. the County

Palatine of Ckejiei-, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancafltr, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to P-tnntfLane, near Northwich, in the said Ccrunty of Chester, was read, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term arid Powers of an

Cduiitybf 'Lincoln, Peregrine Harrism Qurtois, Clerk, Rest of of the Parish and Parish Church of Potterhanworth aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto-subscribed, Proprietors of Lands arid other Proprietors within the said Parish.

0'! J a J j -

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common fields. Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Parish o in

the County of Lincoln: And the same was received j and read the First Time. - — — ....

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent un-necessary and vexatious Removals of the Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pbfcdy That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Four Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words <c Four Months," and inserting the Word " Month’’ instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Four Months" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Four Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers, for the . \ 56.

Tellers for he } 53.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Twenty-second Yfear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Perferns employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and inf he * Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, IjeatheV, " Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures-; " and for preventing unlawful Combinations-of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotprefters, ai>d of Jt all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; " and for the better Payment of their Wages," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Sir Harbord Harbord, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Edward AJlley, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

Dittd*

Poor;

Vexatious

Removals,

Hat

Manufacture,

Sec.

African

Trade.

Bishops

Itchington

Inclosure.

Cottmoore,

&X.

Inclosure.

Sutton Saint Ann’s Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 170 — -180 Martii. 5

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this, Day Fortnight, the 31st Day of this Instant March', lefo've itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of Jws late Majesty1 King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and irrtproving the Trade to Africa" so far as the Tame relates’ to the iileft ion of Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company.

’ ? _ .

And-then the House-; adjourned till Tomorrow i Morning, Ten of the! Clock.

An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of s, otherwise

Sutton - Bonnington, commonly called Saint Ann's End, in

the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That'Mr. Willoughby do carry- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Cofanty of Fife:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fenerisy iSQ die Martii \'

Anno 140 Georgii III. Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called ington Heath, Christmas Hill, Palmers Furze, The Olt, and

Commonable Places', within {he* Parish of Bishops -

-ton, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bishops Itchington Heath,

Hill, Palmers Furze, The 'Olt, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishops Itchington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipivith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nix. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the -Common Pallure and Waste Ground called Cottmoore, and Part of the Common Pallure and Waste Ground, called Radley, within the Districts of Southwell and in the

Parish of Southwell, in the County erf Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Persons interested in a certain Common Pallure and Waste Ground, called Radley, within the Districts of Southwell and WcJlhorpe, in the-Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; arid had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Cottages having Right of Common, who refused to sign the Bill-; and except the Ownefrs of One such Cottage, who could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, having Right of Common, is 162) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once reaid throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's, otherwise Suttott Bonnington, in the County erf Nottingham, -was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Vol. 34* - -

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Order,- a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finning!ey, in the Counties of Nottingham and York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George thj Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbottrn Common, and from IbJiock to Min the Counties of Leicester and Derby ;,'and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney's House, in the Liberty of OJbaston, to Cheshire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields; and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomfbtiry, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonsand Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of OswaldtwiJle, in the Parish of Whalley in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for' dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of OswaldtwiJle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing, the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Indofures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton Pendish, or Eaflmore, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Frankland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montague

Mr.

Fife Highways and Bridges.

Finningley

Inclosure.

Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, Sec. Roads.

St. Giles and Bloom (bury Poor, See.

OswaldtwHle

Inclosure.

Barton, Sc c. Inclosure.

Watts’i

Estate.

Bcnfon’s

Estate.

Watts’s

Estate.

Land Tax.

America: Bolton Port and Customs.

Corn

(Oatmeal).

57°

18° Ma

A.

x774:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Esquire, called

South Hill, or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money anting by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of late

of Thomas Benson, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Clevland, Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Watts, Esquire, called South Hill, or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of

Berks in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the /

" Year 17 74," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the immediate Removal of the 0£ fleers concerned in the Collection and Management of His Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the Town of Boston, in the Province of M in America; and to discontinue the Landing and Discharging. Lading and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Boston, or within the Harbour thereof: And the llifne was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pat, That the said Bftl be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal, into that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keck’* to enable the honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck, Spin- Name, fter, and her Ifluc, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fitzpatrick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Bath, unto subscribed. Inhabitants of, and residerit at or near &c. to, the City of Bath, amLreforting thereto, was presented new Roa<I. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, amending, and repairing, a Road intended to be carried across the River Avon, near to Bathjord, in the County of merjet; and from thence to or near Hampton, and from thence to or near Bathwick, and from thence to a new Bridge, lately built over the said River; and that the City of Bath is greatly resorted to by Strangers, for the Use of the Waters, who are the Support of the City; and . that many of the Petitioners are Owners of very considerable Houses or Estates in the Old City, which are in a very declining State, chiefly for Want of a proper Road leading into the Heart of the said City; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said lload will be of Public Utility, and greatly advantageous to the Old City of Bath,z.nd considerably nearer than the present Turnpike Road, and leading into the Center of the Old City:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the Bill prayed for by the said former Petition^ and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, reflding near, or frequently travelling, the Roads therein aftermentioned, is referred.

Captain Johnstone presented to the House, according Laleham to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields and Copimons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Weeting mon Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Inclosure. Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norjolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Milks,

Sir Edward AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom Starertoa. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands within the said Parish of the Annual Value of £.51. 35. 8 and that the '

Whole of the Lands within the said Parish are of the Annual Value of £.1,090and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

571

14 Geo. III.

18° — 21° Martii.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Colonies. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Confederation His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday, the 7 th Day of this Instant March, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord upon the 7th

and i ith Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

*nd The Order of the Day being read, for the House to eans‘ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Ortfer of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of His Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1774, be referred, to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account current of the Trustees of the British Museum, to 1773, be referred to

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committc to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Linen Trade, An Account of the Total Quant ities of Foreign fcc. Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain, called England, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773; with the Amount of the Duties which have been paid thereon: And also,

All Account of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linens exported from England, {torn Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, with the Drawback on each Species: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Irish Linen imported into England, from Christmas 1756 to Christmas 1773, distinguishing the Quantity imported each Year. Yot. 34*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wete read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the'Clock.

Lunce, 210 die Martii;

Anno 14" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774;

Prayers.

A BILL to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in Glasgow the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his Road’* late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Tocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Drummond, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bank

of

Scotland.

A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, Basingstoke

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 28th Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke through Overton, Whitchurch, Hurfbrrn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of , in

the County of Wilts, and who, by an Act, passed in the next Session of Parliament, were declared Trustees for repairing and widening the Road from House,

over Weyhill, to Mullen sPond, in the said County of

Southampton-, and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Bafngfoke, in the County of Southampton, and of several Inhabitants of the said Town; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Ralph Etwall, Esquire, Clerk to the Trustees, being

examined, said. That great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, a great Part of which still remains due; and that the same cannot be paid off, and the said Roads completed and

7 G kept

&c.

Roads.

57^ 2i° Martii. 1774*

kept in Repair, unless the Term and Rowers of the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty be enlarged.

The laid Mr. Etwall, and Richard En-

quire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Road from the White Hart Inn in Andover aforesaid, through Charltoto the Extremity of the Parish of Andover towards Bangley; and from the said Road at Charlton aforesaid, through to Clanfield

Bottom, in the Parish of; and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road at through Sarfon

Lane to Sarfon Street, in the Parish of Amport, are in a very ruinous Condition, in some Parts narrow, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

And being examined with respect to the Second-mentioned Petition, they informed your Committee, That the Road through the Town of is not

included in any Turnpike A Cl; and that it would be of public Utility if the same was put under the Care of the Trullees appointed by, the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton,

Hurfhorn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the Count of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Cor-net, in the Parish of Winterflow, in the County of Wilts; for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhil, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Road from Andover, through Charlton towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill, to Sarfon Street; and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke: And that Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Lethieullier, Mr. Powlett, and Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

Kn*F*eftU*h A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of lndofure. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of " the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the " County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Frankland, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingdom A Bill to continue an Act, made in the 22d Year of the ADutie»*r Re‘§n his late Majesty King George the Second, for lay-1 inga Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kingdom, and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Edmonfione, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hockerton, An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening several R^acts Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington,

0 s* Southwell, Normanlon, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 16. After " " to insert " Thomas

" ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

3

Resolved, That the Bill do pass! And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, ton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, that the Bill for dividing^ Garton allotting, and inclosing, the Open Unindofed Fields, *nclofuW' and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York; be now read a Second Time j

And the House being informed that Jane Cooke, of Garton on the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, Widow, who petitioned this House upon the 7th Day of this Instant March, praying to be heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill; and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by her Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Old the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Stratford Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- Inclo^ttre* monable Lands, within the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of the Equity of Redemption of some odd Lands, who is in France; and that the Common Fields intended to be inclosed, contain 50 Yard Lands and upwards, besides some odd Lands) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the present, or providing a new, gt. Saviour* Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Workhouse, Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Work- &c* house; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark', for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street-, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Fryars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Chrifi Church; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be cofhmitted to Mr. Cat or,

Mr. Gascoyne, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Thames whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the lfi* humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Navigation. Owners, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of and residing near, the Borders of the River Thames, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

*4 Geo. III-

21

MartiL

delivered it in at the Clefk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j

To prove the Allegations of the said Petifiofy An Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the City of London to the Town of , in the County of Wilts, was read; by which Act the said Navigation

is directed to be divided into Six Parts or Districts, the first of which is between the City of London and the City Stone, above Staines Bridge; and in the said Act there is a Proviso, that the same should not^ctend to take away the Rights of the City of London, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whatsoever; or to enable the Commissioners of the said Navigation to erect Weirs, Locks, Turnpikes, or Toll Gates, within the Liberties or Jurisdiction of the City of London, Then,

Doctor William Batty, being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 23,000 has been laid out in the Second and Third Districts; the Navigation of which Districts, before the passing of the said Act, was frequently difficult, unsafe, tedious, and expensive, and is now become l'afe, cheap, and expeditious.

Being asked the Nature of the Improvements made in those Districts ?

He said, That Pound Locks have been substituted in the room, and by the Side, of Flafti Locks, in the Third District: — That there has been a Horse Towing Path made, from Windsor Bridge up to Boulter’s Lock, in the Second District, and from Boulter's Lock to the Kennett’s Mouth, in the Third District, which conveys the Barges up to Reading: — That by making the Flafti Locks, there is a considerable Improvement, besides the Pounds themselves: — That there has been a considerable Advantage gained by getting rid of the expensive Mode of towing with Men, which could not be done while the Flafti Locks were only the Passage, because it required Men to get the Barges up through the Flafti Locks, and, from the Necessity of it, they made their own Terms with the Bargemasters, and the Bargemasters with their Customers, which raised the Price of Freight (in about 8 or 10 Years) from 7 to 1 or. a Ton; therefore there was Reason to apprehend, if the above Improvement had not been made, it would have been much higher by this Time; but, on the contrary, the Price of Freight has been reduced a Ton, between Windsor and the Kennett’s Mouth, notwithstanding the additional Toll paid by Bargemasters in passing through the several Pound Locks in the Third District. And the Witness said. That Mr. Barnard, of Newbury, declared to the Commissioners, that he laved £.12 out of £.18 in navigating a Barge from Marlow to Reading.

Being asked. If, from his Knowledge, those Locks have not occasioned some Shoals being thrown up in some Parts of the River?

He said. He did not know they had; that he knew nothing of the State of the Navigation of the First Distfift, to Staines Bridge, but, by Report, and Complaints of the Bargemasters.

Being asked, If he knew what additional Tolls were paid upon the River, in the Third District, since the passing of the Act ?

He laid, That at Boulter's Lock, there is 4 a Ton; at Marlow, id.-, sx Temple Lock, id.-, at New Lock, 1 d.; at Hamilton Lock, id.-, at Marsh Lock, id.-, at Cotter ell's Lock, 1 d. -, and 1 d. at Sunning.

Being asked. If those Tolls were equal to the highest Power given by the Act ?

He laid, They were less, all but at One Lock; — That they were as high as could be laid at Boulter’s Lock, which is 4 d.and One Penny a Ton only at every one of the others; — and, that he hoped those Tolls were fuffacient to keep, perpetually, that Part of the River in Vo L. 34.

good Order, which he believed is dow peffectly havi-> gable.

And the Witness said; That he had attended several Meetings of the Commissioners in the First District, where several of the Inhabitants of that District* attended, and Enqtairy was talked of to be made into the State of the Navigation between London and Staines-, but it was unanimously concluded, that nothing could be done in it,- on Account of the Restrictions laid by the before-rheritioned Proviso, otherwise the Witness thinks the Commissioners Would have tnended the Navigation in that Place.

Being asked, If he knew whether ahy Intimation Was given, at any of those Meetings, to the Corporation of London, of the State of the Navigation' below Staines, and of the Commissioners Desire to improve it ?

He laid, That, at a general Meeting of the Com-rhissioners, a Memorial was ordered to be delivered, in the moll respectful Manner, to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, expressing the Difficulties the commissioners lay under, with respect to amending the River in the First District, and their Apprehensions that, for Want of a proper Amendment; the Navigation would be rendered difficult, if not impracticable; and likewise acquainted them with their Intention of applying to Parliament for Relief; and as . they looked upon the Interest of the City, of,

and of the Western Counties through which the River runs, inseparable, they desired and hoped the City of London would concur, and give them what Assistance they could in that intended Application; — That the said Memorial was signed by the General Clerk, by Order of the Commissioners, and presented in October 1772, but no Notice taken of it by the City of London to the Commissioners from that Time to this.

Being asked. Whether the Commissioners had amended the River from Boulter’s Lock to the London Stone?

He said. As far as Windsor Bridge only; and it Will require Time before they can proceed, for Want of Money, to amend it in the Manner it could be wished.

Being asked. If he knew whether the Gentlemen who have signed the Petition, or the Commissioners, or any other Set of Men, were willing to improve the Navigation of the River, without taking Tolls, in the First District ?

He said, He believed not, because he apprehended that the Thames, in that District, could not be amended without Money; that there is no Fund out of which Money can be borrowed, that either the Petitioners or the Commissioners know of, that can be a Security for the Payment thereof.

Being asked. If he imagined it would be more for the Advantage of the Public to contribute to any prafti-cable Amendment of the Thames by the Corporation of London, who desire noTolls, than by charging the Public with a Toll by any other Means ?

He said. He did not think it would; in the First Place, he did not think that the Corporation of London -had any Thing to do with amending the River, it being veiled in Commissioners alone, by Two Acts of the Twenty-fourth of King George the Second and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, from London to Cricklade; and in the next Place lie thinks, that Two different Sets of Trustees, separate and independent of each other, for one and the same Puvpose, are incompatible.

Mr. Joseph Nickalls, Surveyor to the Commissioners, informed your Committee, That nothing has been done towards improving the Navigation of the First District, since the passing the Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty; that the same is very bad at present, owing to the great Number of Shoals; but that the same is full as capable of Improvement as either of the Districts which have been improved; — that many of the Towing Paths are so bad as to render the River not navigable long in the Time of a Rife of Water, or

comipg

574

2 i ° Ma

A. 1774.

coming on of a Flood; and the Navigation within the Second and Third Districts can now be worked much longer than the Lower District in such States of the Water.

B^ing asked. Whether the effectual Improvement of the River would not remove many of the Arguments that were urged in Favour of an Application from the City of London, for making a Canal from Monkey to Ifieworth f

He said, If by those Arguments it was meant the Reduction of the Price of Freight, it would.

Being asked, If the Works that have been carried on within the Third District, have done any Injury to any Parts where they have been erected ?

He said, None whatever: And the Witness said. That he had never been instructed to make any Estimate of the Expence of the Works of the First District since the Application was made, but he had made a Model for the Second District, which he apprehended is most eligible for the First.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers 'Thames and ljis, from the City of London to the Town of , in

the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London; and for improving the Navigation of the River 'Thames, within the said Liberties; and that Sir Francis Vincent, and Mr. Howard, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

Linen A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the

Trade. Manufacture of Cutlery Wares, in the , Town of (Sheffield.) field, in the County of York, and of several of the prin-

cipal Cutlers, Sciflbr-smiths, and other Manufacturers of Iron and Steel Wares, , within the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Commerce of the Petitioners, in the Cutlery Manufacture, into Germany, Russia, Poland, Ko~ ningjlurg, Dantzick, Hamburgh, and Riga, now is, and for a long Time has been, a very extensive Branch of their Foreign Trade, and One of the greatest Supports of the poor and laborious Manufacturers of the said Place and Neighbourhood, and which has been chiefly owing to the Encouragement given to the Importation of German and Russian Linens, by which those Countries have been enabled to make their Payments for the Manufactures of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, the State of the Linen Trade of Great Britain and Ireland is now under Consideration; and that they have Reason to apprehend, that the Persons applying in Favour of the said Linen Manufactures may endeavour to obtain an Act to lay further Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Linens, or otherwise to discontinue the present Drawback upon such Part of those Linens as shall be exported to America and the West Indies, which may tend to prejudice " and endanger the valuable Branch of Commerce which the Petitioners now have with Germany and other ISTorthern Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard by themselves or Agents, against any Propositions which may appear to them likely to prejudice and endanger the Interest of their Manufacture and Trade.

Ditto. A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and (Edinburgh.) Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Linen Manufactory is the principal Branch of Trade carried on, in Scotland-, and that, for several Years part, the Petitioners have observed the gradual Decay of that ' Manufacture in many Places in that Country; which, the Petitioners alledge, is chiefly owing to the great

Importation of Foreign Linen, under too low Duties, which bear no Proportion to the Difference of the Value of Money and Labour, in Britain and Ireland, with the interior Parts of Germany and Russia, where most of those Linens are made: And therefore

praying the House to grant such Relief and Encouragement to the Linen Manufactory of that Part of the United Kingdoms as shall appear proper and reasonable.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Woollen Manufac- Ditto, turers of the Towns of Bradford and Melksham, in - (Bradford.) shire: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers and Woollen Manu- Ditto, fasturers of the Towns of Wefibury, Warminster, and (Weltbury.) Heytesbury in Wiltshire;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Committee is appointed, to examine into the present State of the Linen Trade of Great Britain and Ireland ;and that the Petitioners are apprehen-five, that the Promoters of that Enquiry may attempt to obtain such Assistance and Encouragement, that will be very detrimental to the domestic and foreign Trade of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and not grant any Assistance and Encouragement to the Linen Trade, that may be injurious and detrimental to the foreign and domestic Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, which ,is already greatly on the Decline, to the Injury of the Petitioners, and the Distress of great Numbers of the poor Manufacturers who are out of Employ.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Ditto.

Burgh of Ayr, was also presented to the House, and (Ayr-) read; Setting forth, That the Linen Manufactories of Great Britain and Ireland have been greatly on the Decline for several Years past in Scotla; and that great Numbers of the Manufacturers are now unemployed, and, if not speedily relieved by Parliament, must either starve, or abandon their native Country, *s many of them have done already: And therefore praying the House to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Woollen Manufactu- Ditta. rers in the County of Glottcefier, was also presented to (Gloucester.) the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe,.by the Votes, thata Committe is appointed, to examine into the present State of the Linen Trade of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners are appre-hensive, that the Promoters of that Enquiry may attempt to obtain such Assistance and Encouragement, that may be very detrimental to the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and not grant such Assistance and Encouragment to the Linen, that may be injurious and prejudicial to the Woollen, Trade of this Kingdom, which is already greatly on the Decline.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain West Keal Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Inclosure. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish oiWeJl Keal, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, *pd other Commonable

c

i4 Geo. III. at® MartiL

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of West Real, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Bertie do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cottmoore An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Inclosure. mon Pasture and Waste Ground, Called Cotlmofre, and Part of the Common Pasture and Waste Ground called Radley, within the Districts of Wefithotpe,

in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Commissioners to give an Allotment in Land for Tythes of Wool and Lamb. 1

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Then the Amendments following were fever&lly pro* posed to be made to the Bill; Viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 8. After " Ways" to insert and

also an Allotment in Lieu of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb."

Pr. 24. 1. 19, After " Tythes" to insert except

the Tythes of Wool and Lamb."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the-Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture, or Waste Ground, called and such Part of the Common Pasture, or Waste Ground, called Radley, as lies within the Districts of Southwell and Westthorpe, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of

Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clerkenwell Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom

(St. James) the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and Streets, fcc. watching, the Streets and other public PafiUges 'and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Pafikge from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; for repairing, watching, and lighting, the Highways;’and for bettir Relief and Employment of the Poor, within- the said Parish, was committed'; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same . to be true; and that the Committee had gone -through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had;directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and 'afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,: in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was made;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-commiried to the Committee, to whom the same was: committed.

Ordered, That the said Report fee taken into Cotifi-deration upon Thursday Morning next.

The Lord Polkefione presented to the House, accord*'"Tflweihbe ing to Order, a Bill for dividing arid lhclosing tfcftion WeMure. Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish combe, otherwise Ttdcombe, in the County of 'Wilts Apd the same Was received; and read the First Tiule.

Resolved, That the Bill be read' a: Second Time.’

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do make the Report from the Committee, to >vhom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick, was committed.

Mr. Ward accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and foutid the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Jiad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands and an Half; and that the Whole of the Property in the Fields intended to be inclosed consists of 34 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee' to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made( several Amendments thereunto; which they had directfed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thfe Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Tune, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Halford

Inclosure.

A 6iH for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Com- Jtiddermmfter mons, and‘Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign Inclosure. of Kiddevminster, in the Pawfh of Kidderminster,< in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time. - f Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward,

Mr. Dowdeswellj &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ m: T

Chamber* ’ ,

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom Carnarvon, the Bill tQ, prevent the taking and carrying away of c *5-.Stones, from the Sea Shore, below High-Water Mask, est0Sne^e between Or ms Heady in the County of Carnarvon, aiMf the River at Voryd, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the , same tP; be true; Arid that the Committee had gorifc through) the Bill, apd made several-Amendments therd* ' ': '1 unto; which they had directed him ;to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with- the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:, \yhere the Amendments were Once read throughout-; arid then a Second Time, One by Ooi; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wete agreed to by the House.;

..... Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Woollen Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Manufactory, whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had'gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments^ thereunto; which they had directed him to repow fio the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-. terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 34.

A Bill for providing a Workhouse, and for better Theoid governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, with- Artillery in The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of The Tower wGrf"ndf

of London-, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open PafiTages and Places, within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth,'NLt. Gascoyne, txc.: And they are to meet

7 H this

5 n6 ii ° Martii. . \ A. 17 74,

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thfc Speaker’s Chamber.

Fotttftpo- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-wotth . mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waite Inclosure. Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,'"That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Amcotts, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Land An ingrafted Bill for appointing Commissioners, to Tax. put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great " for the Service of the Year 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

- . *

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti^led, "' An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year 1774," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cany the Bill 1 To the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Leeds: ' . , '

Mr. Speaker,

Dunton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. fOT enabling the Right honourable John'fLaxl Spencer to indole the several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Dunton, in the County of Bucks; and for vest-‘ ing certain Glebe Lands, and the'Tithes belonging to the Redtory of Dunton aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensaticm to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Beetley, The Lords have Agreed to the BrB, intituled,' An Act tec. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Crofts, Brecksi and other Half-year Cloles, in the Parishes of Beet ley. Great Bitter ing, and Grejfenhall, in the County of , within the Liberty

of Sheepwalk, called Beetley Sheepwafk; and for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of; without any

Amendment: And also,

Mitford’i The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, deviled by the Will of John Milford, Esquire, deceased, m Trustees, to sell the same, for dii’charging Incumbrances; , *and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengprs withdrew.

Prisoners Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Health to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in Gaol*, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually

securing the Health of Prisoners rin Gaol, doring their Confinement, be now read.

; And the said Order heing read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according-to Order, reported Supply.

; from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it was'referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Hifc’ Majestyj. the-Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table :, Where the same were read; and are as fol-Loweth -,.viz.:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thal'a $urn, hot exceeding Six thdliland Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds, Eighteen. Shillings, and Seven Pence? be granted tet-fiis Majesty,.upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads!of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two.thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty; towards enabling the Trustees of tilt Brittfiy Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

The said Refoltitions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr *.Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom Hull

the Petition of the Mayor and Burge lies of the Town of Harbour, Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Mallets &c* and Pilots, Seamen , of The 'Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common Seals, respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping, of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others; whose Names are thereuhtb subscribed, was referred; That the Gotniuittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read:the Report:in his Place, and afterwards delivered it ..in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; ’ and, is as followeth.;, vizi r\

To prove the A1 legations) of the said Petition, William Hammond \ Esquire,; being examined, laid, 'That the making and estabbshing of legal Quays or Wharfs in tire Port 0 i Hull, will be a Means of;increasing and securing the Commerce of thfc Place, and of materially improving . His Majesty’s Revenues at the said Port:;- — That a Bason or Dock, with proper Reservoirs, Sluice's, and other Workspace much wanted for the Safety and Accommodation. of Ships.*and Vessels using the said Port and.Haven, and that cit is necessary proper Provision should be made for preventing Damage to the Shipping the re by Eire or Thefts, and for regulating Trucks and other Carriages used: in the Conveyance of Goods arrd Merchandise within tlw. laid Town, and that other Regulations should be !established within the said Town and Port, for the better carrying on the Trade and Commerce thereof; that he had received an Assurance from the>Lords Commissioners. of His Majesty’s Treasury, that His Majestyrwill be graciously pleased to

frant (with the Concurrence of Parliament) a certain ’iece of Ground, Part of the Land belonging to His Majesty’s Military Works at Hull, to be appropriated for the Purposes above mentioned; and he concluded by -.saying, that the Expence of making and maintaining the said. Works, and of making the several necessary Regulations, will be too great for the Inhabitants of the said Town to bear, nor can the same be done without Assistance from Parliament.

A, Mption was made; ami the Question being proposed, That, the said. Report - be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House;

2 The

i'

i4 Geo. III.

2i° Martii.

5T7

The Lord Worthy by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject-matter of the said Report, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Insurancw Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for upon regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for prohibiting Lives. a]j such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver and Mr. Alderman Hopkins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air and A Petition of Sir John Goodricke and Sir William Calder ngr^]}aronetS} Richard Wilson, Esqtiire, Thomas

avigauon. ancj John Burton, Esquire, on Behalf of them-

selves and the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, in the County of York, being offered to be presented to the House;

The House was moved. That the Petition of Henry Baines, James Smyth, Thomas Feme, and

tage, which was presented to the House upon the Third Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled. " An Act for making and " keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Calder, in the " County of York;" for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weyland, lo the River Ouze; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, in the said County, be brought in, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have presented a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers; and representing to the House, that Part of the Works meant and intended, by their former Petition, was the making several Cuts on the Sides of the said River for the Purpose of avoiding Mills, Shoals, and other Obstructions, in the said Navigation, as will appear by the Report made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, and by the Plans thereunto annexed; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive some Doubt may be conceived, whether the several Cuts, with Locks and other Works, necessary to be constructed for the Use of the said Navigation, are sufficiently comprehended under the Words of the said former Petition: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for enabling the Petitioners, amongst other Improvements in their said Navigation, to make and maintain such several Cuts as are described and mentioned in the said Report and Plans, with Locks and other Works necessary for the Use of such Cuts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Private Ordered, That a Committee b<? appointed, to consider Bills. of proper Rules and Regulations to be observed by (Standing Persons applying to this House far Private Bills; and to Orders.) repQrt their Opinion thereupon to the House."

Vol. 34.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dowdeswell,

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in' the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

i.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Frafer’a to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, forfeited upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant unto Ma-jor General Simon Frafer the Land? and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second America. Reading of the Bill for the immediate Removal of the (Boston.)’ Officers concerned in the Collection and Management of His Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the Town of Boston, in the Province of Massac/nfet Bay, in North America; and to discontinue the Landing, and Discharging. Lading, and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Boston, or within thd Harbour thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That' this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ' .

Ah ingtoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mitford’* for veiling Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Estate. devised by the Wilf of John Milford, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like TJfes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Militia, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the.

Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of’

March 1774, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Staverton

fnclosure.

Carnarvon*

&c.

Sea Shore $ tones.

Old Stratford lndofure.

Linen

Trade,

(Halifax.)

578 aa° Martiu A. 1774.

Mortis^ 2 2*. die Martii\

\ , .

Anno 14* Georgii III'" Regis, 1774. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish ancj Liberties of Staverton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do oafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows* and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of ampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the taking and carrying away of Stones from the Sea Shore, below High-Water Mark, between Orms Head, in the County of Carnarvon, and the River at Voryd, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the taking and carrying away of Stones from the Sea Shore, below High-Water Mark, between Orms Head, and the River at Voryd, in the County of Carnarvon, and within the Manors of Nefon,

Leighton, and Gay ton, in the County Palatine of ter.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pallures, and other 'Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick,.was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pallures, and other ComT monable Lands, within the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwhh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Exporters and Manu-(fadurers of Cloth and other Woollen Goods, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of

‘.York, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend it is proposed to lay ariadditional Duty on Foreign Linens, with a Retention of the Duty on their Exportation to our Colonies; and that the Petitioners believe that the Value of Wool-

len Goods, exported to Places froip whence Linens are imported, exceed the Value of the Linens brought from thence , and the Duties on our Manufactures in those Parts being at present very moderate, the Petitioners fear the Effects of a Foreign Retaliation, which would be highly detrimental to the Petitioners, as well as to all other the Woollen Manufacturers in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House will’take the Premises into Consideration, and'permit the Merchants, Exporters and Manufacturers of Cloth and other Woollen Goods, in this Kingdom, to be heard against any Innovation by additional Duty on Foreign Linens, or will grant them such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Ditto. Kirkaldie, and Manufacturers and Dealers in Linen in (Kiikaldi?.) that Town: and Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read j Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which for many Years has been the Staple Manufacture of North Britain, and particularly of the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take th6 same into Consideration, which is of the greatest Importance to this Kingdom, as well as to the Petitioners, and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dyfart, and the Dealers and Manufacturers in Linen in ' y ' that Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and praying for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to Ditto. North America, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Exporters 0;

of Goods to His Majesty’s Colonies of North America in all Branches of the British Manufactures, and of tish and Foreign Linens to a very considerable Amount, necessary for the Use and Trade of the Inhabitants of those Colonies; and that the Petitioners have been informed of an Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter the present Duties and Drawbacks on Foreign Linens; and the Pet itioners are of Opinion, that in case an Act shall pass to increase the Duties on Foreign Littens, without allowing the Drawback of such Duties, it will greatly encourage the clandestine Importation of Foreign Linens into the said Colonies, and with them many other Foreign Manufactures, and lessen the Demand for American Produce: And therefore praying the above Measure may not be adopted by the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dittos

the Burgh of Firth, in Common Council assembled (Perth.)

And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Lmep in the Burgh of Perth ;:

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and Setting forth, That the fam'e mud soon be reduced to the last Extremity, un-Icfs some speedy and effectual Encouragement be granted for the Revival of it: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, Council, and Ditto. Merchants, in the Town of Dundee, North Britain, was (Dundee.) also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe; that the Quantity of Foreign Linens imported into England is annually increasing, which they consider as;the great Cause of the Decrease in the Home Manufacture; and are afraid that, if not properly reltrained, will always bear hard upon the Manufacture . of Great , and may bit

last confirte it within very narrow Limits: And therefore, praying the House fully to consider the present State of the said Trade, and grant it such Relief as may be thought effectual to save this Country* from Ruin, and preserve to Britain and Ireland this valuable Manil-Fadure, and that inestimable Treasure of useful and in-dullrious People, who, if the Trade is not supported, must be thrown out of Employment, become destitute and forlorn, and will probably be obliged in Delpair to desert their native Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into. the present State of the ' Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Pe-

'*|;

14 Geo. III. 22

579

Swansea A Petition of Calvert Richard Esquire, and

M*rk«and Elizabeth his Wife, William Hurst, Esquire, artd Lucy e,‘ his Wife, Owners of several Mefiiiages or Tenements,

in the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County ,of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed . that a Bill is depending, for removing the Shambles, or Market for Butchers Meat, and for holding the said Market in the Garden within the Castle of the said Town, and Pofterri thereto adjoining; and that the Petitioners are the Owners of several Houses in the said Borough and Town of Swansea, the Penthouses of which now are, and for Time immemorial have been, used as Shambles, for exposing, on HoOks fixed to such Penthouses, Butchers Meat to Sale on Market Days, by Means whereof the Petitioners'Tenants, gain corifider-able Profit, be'fides the Benefit they derive from the Persons resorting to the said Shambles Or Market; and that the said Estates of the Petitioners are in Settlement under an Act of Parliament; and that, upon the Determination of such Leases, the Petitioners will become entitled to the improved Value of such Houses or Tenements, but are restrained by the said Act from faking Pines upon granting future Leases; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Place where the Market is now scept is by much the most convenient Place for the Inhabitants in the whole Town, for a Shambles or 'Market for the Sale of Butchers Meat; and that the Place where the said Market is intended to be held is the moll inconvenient Situation for a Market in the whole Town; and representing to the House, that if it should be thought proper to remove the present Shambles or Market, the Petitioners are Owners of Lands and Grounds where a Shambles or Market might be made much better and more convenient than the Place proposed by the said Bill, though not so convenient and ufefill to the Inhabitants as the present Shambles; and that the Petitioners understand, that the Portreeve of the said Borough claims a Right, by Custom, tefthe Skin of every Call killed or exposed to Sale within the lame, by Persons not being Burgefl’es, and is willing to give up his Claim to such Right upon a reasonable Compensation being made to him for the same; but these Petitioners deny that the Portreeve has such Right: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill as it now Hands, and have such Relief as the House shall think equitable and just.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freeholders, Lessees, and Occupiers of Houses and Tenements, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of , was

also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is de-. pending, for removing the present Shambles or Market for exposing Butchers Meat to Sale, and holding the same in a Garden within the Limits of the Castle of the said Town, and the Postern thereto adjoining; and that for Time immemorial, the Shambles or Market for Sale of Butchers Meat hath been held near the Corn-market, which is very near the Centre of the said Borough and Town; and, that the Method or Custom of exposing the Meat for Sale on the Shambles or Market is, and always hath been, by placing or hanging such Meet upon Hooks fixed against the Sides of the Houses, under Penthouses or Sheds; and that the Petitioners are Freeholders and Lessees for Lives of several Houses and Shops where the Shambles are holden, and derive great Benefit therefrom, upon Account of the Money they receive from the Butchers for the Liberty of hanging their Meat upon such Hooks, and also in their re-lpeftive Trades, from Persons who resort to the said Shambles or Market, upon which Account many of the Petitioners have been induced to take such Houses and Shops on Leases for Lives, and for w'hich they have paid very considerable Fines; and representing to the House, that in case the present Shambles should be Vol. 34.

removed from the Place where they now arc, as is proposed by the said Bill, many of the Petitioners would be very great Sufferers, unless proper Compensation is made to the Petitioners for the Loft they must sustain thereby: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Confederation, and that ‘the Petitioners may be heard upon their laid Petition; and that such Provision may be made in tile said Bill, for their'Relief, as the House, shall think equitable and just.

And the said Petitions were feve'rally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,

to whom the Bill for removing and regulating the public Mafket and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Borough and Town of Swan-feu, in the County of Glamorgan, js committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by thenV-selves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instructjoti'to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A £t, Hinckley to passed in the Third-third Year of the Reign of his late 54^* Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen- Road?

ing the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Common, and frQm Ibfock to Meafham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening

th'e Road from Phiney’s House, in the Liberty of Ofbafon, " to Cheshire's House, in the Liberty of and also

the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and Afftby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads: was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Finningley Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waite inclosure. Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York, was read a Second Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hull Port to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jja^ur to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild Or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen gf The Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common Seals respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Weddell took the Chair of the Committee. - Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Commitee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Weddell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to

71 move

£ ' v

a'

Manchester, to Rochdalej &c. Road.

Ratcliffe upon Wreak Inclosure.

Aslheton’s

Name.

Cropredy

Inclosure.

Ibstock

Inclosure.

Waddefdon

Inclosure.

Clyde

Navigation;

SiC.

580 220 Martii. A. 1774.

move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill Clyde, to the City of; and for building a Bridge

for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs, across the said River, from the said City to the Village in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Ma- of G or bells-, and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth

jesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amend-Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason or ing the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and en-Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other larging, the ojd Bridge across the River of from

Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the the City of to the Village of is com*

said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belong- mitted. ing to His Majesty, and for applying certaing Sums of

Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Mait*. necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Hull. Britain called , for One Year, beginning the

And Mr. Weddell moved the House accordingly. 25th Day of March 1774, was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs, in be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and the Port of Hull-, for the better securing His Majesty’s Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day in the said Port; for making a Bason or Dock, with of March 1774.

Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Halfoni Purposes; and for establishing other necessaryoRegula- and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, inclosure. tions within the Town and Port of Hull: And that Mr. in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick, was Weddell, Lord Robert Manners, Sir George Spvile, Mr. read the Third Time.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,. Mr. Cooper, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Prescott, do prepare, and bring be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

In, the lame. Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Leeds: Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom cierkenwelt ’ Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, the Bill lor paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and (it. James’s) made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, watching, the Streets and other public Passages and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell a °°r' Manchester, to the Town of Rochdale, and from a Place called Saint James's, and for removing Obstructions and called The White Smithey, in the Township of Crumpfal, Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Bejfes of Clerkemv Green to the Parish Church; for repairing, the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of watching, and lighting, the Highways; and for the Lancaster; and for empowering the Trustees under the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said Parish, was re-committed; That the Committee said County; without any Amendment: And also, had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An they had directed him to report to the House; and he Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Failure, and all other Commonable Grounds, within the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: the Manor of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Leicester; without any Amendment: And also, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Act to enable Thomas Asfheton, Esquire, and his Sons, House.

and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take and use Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of William ingrossed.

Smith, Esquire, deaafed; without any Amendment:

And also, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Laleh*m

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of tec.

Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common certain Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, and Inclosure.

Fields, Pallures, and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Rights of Common, within the Manor of Laleham, in Field and AJI Mead, within the Parish of Cropredy, in the the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and also Owners County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And of certain Cattle Gates, or Rights of Pallurage of Cat-also, tie, within and upon a certain Common, in the County

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of Surrey, called Laleham Burway, was presented to the Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Fields, Waites, and Commonable Places, of Huckle-are informed, That a Bill is brought in, for allotting, scote and Donnington on the Heath, in the Parish of lb- dividing, inclosing, and improving, the said Ope a stock, in the County of Leicester; without any Amend- Fields, Waft.es, or Commons, and also a large Pallure ment: And also, called Laleham Burway, within the Manor of Laleham,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, which Bill is Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com- contrary to the general Sense and Opinion of the Peti-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, tioners and others, who compose a great Majority of the and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Waddefdon, real Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons interested

in the County of Bucks-, without any Amendment. in, the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed;

And then the Messengers withdrew. and that the Petitioners conceive that the said Bill, if

passed into a Law, will in general be injurious to all the Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Petitioners, and in particular highly burthensome and ’ mittee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending oppressive to such of them who enjoy small and incon-an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late siderable Rights and Interests therein; and that the Pe- Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River titioners apprehend the said Common called Laleham

Burway,

i± Geo. III. 220 Mar581

Burway, is not within, or Parcel the Manor of Laleham, neither hath the Lord of the Manor of Laleham any other or greater Right than to take his Paf-turage in the said Burway, and that for and in respect only of such Land, ancient Messuages and Cottages, within the Parish of Laleham, as he and his Undertenants hold and enjoy in Laleham aforesaid, in Proportion only, and in like Manner, with other Tenants of the said Manor, Landholders, Owners of ancient Messuages and Cottages, within the faitl Parish of Laleham; and that if the said Burway is not clearly, made' out to be within, and Parcel of, the said Manor of Laltkam, the Petitioners will, in respect to their Rights and Properties therein, be subject to double Services and Jurisdictions, the said Burway being within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Chertsey as the Petitioners apprehend; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the inclosing the said Burway would be very disadvantageous to the Persons interested, as the same is subject to be frequently overflowed, and as such Inclosure would render the Enjoyment thereof very inconvenient, if not impracticable: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of in the Coun-

ties of Middlesex and Surrey, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except William Allcott, possessed of an Estate of the Annual Value of ro/. or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed is 463/. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order; reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were ageced to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Mr. Pcnruddock presented to the House, according to Paving, &c. Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, light- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ing, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the Tithings other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westmin-of Abbotts, and Milton -Jler, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, ing, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts: and read; Setting forth. That, in executing the said Acts, And the same was received; and read the First Time, the Petitioners observe Defects in some of the Provi- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, lions therein contained, with regard to the Water Companies taking up the Pavements, to the regulating and Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported enforcing of Scavengers Contracts, to the Mode of pay- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ing off Money borrowed on Credit of the additional Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or Rates laid by the Act of the Eleventh of His present other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Majesty, to punishing Persons forging Assignments or Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Certificates, to filing for Rates and collecting Rates laid Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out 1 on Persons who shall remove from their Habitation, and of the County Rates, was committed, the Amend-

to Justices of the Peace, in the Places to which such ments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and Persons shall remove, being obliged to indorse the War- which they had directed him to report to the House; rant for collecting such Rates, with regard to Appeals and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards allowed by the Acts, and to certain Nuisances frequently delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the committed within the Petitioners Jurisdiction: And Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once therefore praying, That Le&ve may be given to bring read throughout; and then a Second Time, One in a Bill for making such Regulations as may be necef- by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fary for the above Purposes. were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the made, by the House, to the Bill.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ingrossed.

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. A Petition of the several Freeholders, Landowners, Plumptre, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the County of Renfrew,

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- and Country on the South Side of the River Clyde, and ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and adjacent to the City of Glagow: And also.

Records. A Petition of the Magistrates of the Town of Paisley,

and Manufacturers and Inhabitants of the said Town: Upton Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to And also,

Siwdfbury whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the A Petition of the several Freeholders, Landowners,

0 o ure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, . Farmers, and Inhabitants, in the County of Renfrew, within the Parish of Upton Snodfbury, in the County of and Country on the South Side of the River next Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had adjacent to the City of Glasgotv, and of the Provost,

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Bailies, and Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Renfrew:

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had And also,

Vol. 34. A Petition

Frafer’s forfeit'd Estates.

Milton,

See.

Inclosure*

Prisoners,

and

Gaolers.

Clyde Navigation, Sc c.

Ditto.

Ditto.

58a 22° — 23° Martii. 1774*

Ditto. a Petition of tile several Freeholders, Landowners, Farmers, and Inhabitants, in the County of Renfrew, and Country on the South Side of the River Clyde, next adjacent to the City of

Were severally presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill -for explaining and amending an Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, and also an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the new Bridge built across the River Clyde, at or near the City of and for

repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River Clyde, from the City of Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Consequence of the said Petition and Bill may be very prejudicial to them and their Estates: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pais into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report bo received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of and for building a Bridge across the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act} and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of to the Village

of Gorbells, was committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be received upon lo-morrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant March.

Basingstoke Sir John Grijjin Griffin presented to the House, accord-t0ponden* *n§ to ^der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

4C ’ an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

Roads. King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Bajingjloke, through Wortin, Overton, church, Hurfborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle in

the County of Southampton, to a Place called Corner, in the Parish of Wirtterjlow, in the County of Wilts; for including the Road from Spittle House, over WeyhiL, to Mullens Pond, as dinefted by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty j and for amending the Roads from Andover, through,

towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Portsmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to aew writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Matthew Featherfion-haugh. Baronet, deceased.

Hops. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Petition of several Hop' Merchants, -Exporters, Factors, Brewers, and others, Dealers in,-and Consumers of, Hops, within the Cities of and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ' ’

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee. " I

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.: ' .: .

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Cdmfpittee, T«haf he was directed by the Committee to make’ a MotiEhv when the House will plfeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.' —

Mr. Whitbread accordingly reported from the said-Committee, That he was efirested by the Committee so move the House, that Leave be giVeri to-bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Biagging of Hops. 1

And Mr. Whitbread moved the1 House accordingly.1

Ordered, That Leave be given tearing, in a Bill' to prevOn\ Abuses in the Packing Or Bagging of-HopS'r And that Mr. Whitbread and Mr.' Thraledo prepafiV and bring in, the fame. ! .

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Linen Trade, whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade i a Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ‘Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported frorh 'the Committee,

That they had further heard the Merchants and Traders to Germany and Holland, and the Dealers in Foreign Linens from those Countries resident in London, upon their Petition; and had made a further Pfogress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being, put. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of thcLinenTrade in Great Britain and Ireland. -

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j ' Sir Thomas Claveritig, Mr. Dundas: } -5,

Tellers for the Noes,j 1 Sir George Tonge, [Mr. Ryder: - } 23-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriii 23* die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III'" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

HE Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from ^yrBank, the Committee, to whom the Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the Most noble Henry Duke of Buccleugk, the Moll noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron,

4 " and

14 Geo. III. 2 34 Martii. 583

" and Company," w*is committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Frafer’s An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Estates^ un Major General Simon the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord upon certain Terms and

Conditions, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 8. To leave out Eighty" and inlcrt " Seventy" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Piccadilly. A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble (Westminster Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of Paving.) Houses, in such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street anti Hyde Park Corner, within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read 3

Setting forth, That, by Two Acts of the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 14th Year of his late Majesty, the Trustees of the Road leading from Hyde Park Corner were required to water the Road from Berkeley Street, in Piccadilly, to Park Gate, during the dry Weather, and the Expence thereof defrayed out of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts; and that, in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so much of Piccadilly as lies between Clarges Street and Hyde Park Corner, and all’o the Road from the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street, were put under the Care of the Commissioners for paving the Streets and other Places in the City and Liberty of; and the Sum of

£.1,000. per Annum was agreed, by the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, to be paid to the said Commissioners, out of the Polls collected at the said Gate, in order to enable the said Commissioners to defray the Expences thereof; and representing to the House, that, since the said Commissioners have taken upon them the Care, Management, and Regulation, of the said Roads, they have caused the Road from Clarges Street to be paved, but the same hath never been effectually watered by the said Commissioners; and that a Petition having been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for givings fonie further Powers to the said Commissioners, the Petitioners hope that Provision will be made in such Bill, to compel the said Commissioners effectually to water Piccadilly, from Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Corner, in all dry Weather, in such Manner as the Trustees for the Care of the said Turnpike Roads were, by the said Acts of the 12th of King George the First, and the 14th of his late Majesty, compelled to do: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol. 34.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Dine:., and oilier Places, within the City and Liberty of , and Parts

adjacent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Mary DeniJ'on, of Leeds, in the County Knaretbo-of York, Widow, and Dudley Rockett, of the City of rough Forest York, Clerk, and Sarah his Wife, was presented to the Inclosure.

House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act, made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fot dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knarefkorough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner the said Mary Denison is intitled as Tenant for Life, and the Petitioner Rockett is intitled to the Reversion of Inheritance ex-pedtant on the Death of the said Mary Denison, according to the Custom of the said Forest to her and her Heirs, of Two Copyhold Messuages, and several Closes of Ground, situate in KiUinghall, within the said District,

and intitled to Common Right on the Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands; and that the said Mary Denison neglected to deliver her Claim of Common Right within the Time limited by the said Act, of which Neglect the Petitioners were not acquainted till v

after the Third Meeting of the Commissioners; soon after which, the Petitioners caused a Claim to be made and delivered, but the said Commissioners refused to accept the fame; and that no Part of the Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands within the said Eleven Constableries hath been yet allotted, pursuant to the said Act; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for amending the said Act:

And therefore praying, That a Clause or Clauses may be added thereto, on the Behalf of the Petitioners, to enable the said Commissioners to accept the Petitioners Claim of Common Right on the said Waste Lands, in respect of the Premises; and that the Petitioners may be included in other the Provisions intended to be made by such Bill; and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the " District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the " County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries " thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Commissioners of Linen Trade. Supply of the County of Forfar, was presented to the (Forfar.) House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and Setting forth, That h some Measures are not speedily adopted to put the said Trade upon a better Footing than it is at present, many Thousands of People will be under the Necessity of betaking themselves to Foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to give such Encouragement to the Linen Manufacture as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

7 K Sir

23° Martii. 1774*

Sir Harvard Harbordpreferred to the House, ac-Mviubdurcs cort^ng to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the &c. Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, " Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk " Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-' " preflers, and of all Persons employed in the said " several Manufactures; and for the better Payment " of their Wages And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newthorpe Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to (Greafley) whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com-Incofure. mons and Waste Grounds, called Great

Common and Begerley C, in the Parish of

in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except John a Lunatic, possessed of 12 Acres of Land and One Common Right, whole Trustee was applied to by letter, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of 1,139 Acres or thereabouts, and 45 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Hull Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to Port and Order, a Bill for making and establishing public Harbour. QuayS> or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Itefervoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull:And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Droitwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to new Wiit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the clefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of the honourable Robert

deceased.

Air Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee,

an^P^er to whom the Petition of Sir John Goodricke and Sir Wil-and l‘,am Milner, Baronets, Richard WilJ'on, Esquire, Thomas Navigation. Wi/fon, Esquire, and John Burton, Esquire, on Behalf

of themselves and the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers .4/rand CalJer, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-

rected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William JeJj'of, an Engineer, produced a general Plan of the Rivers Air and Calder, from Leeds and Wakefield to Armine-, and of the River Otize from Armine to Selby-, describing Five several Cuts, intended as an Improvement to the Navigation. And he produced Plans of those Cuts on a larger Scale. And being asked, If he assisted in making those Plans ? he laid, He made the Survey, and drew the Plans, under Mr. Smeaton’sDirections. Then,

John Smeaton, Esquire, an Engineer, being examined, said, He was employed, in the Year 1771, by the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, to take a Survey of those Rivers, for the Purpose of improving the Navigation, and for making it as complete as the Nature of it would admit of And being asked. If the several Cuts, described by the Maps produced, were recommended by him to the Undertakers, as Part of his Plan for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Air, between Leeds and Hadd/efey ? he said. They were all recommended by him in 1771, except the Cut by Brotherton Marsh which he recommended since, according to the present Plan. And being asked, What Obstructions are to be avoided by those Cuts ? he said. The Obstructions, meant to be avoided, arose from Shoals in the Rivers from the Bottoms of the Locks lying too high, and from the Millers introducing an artificial Impediment, by drawing down the Water of their Dams; and that he apprehends those Obstructions may be effectually avoided by Means of those Cuts, but not without; that the principal Object of the Undertakers Application to Parliament, at this Time, was, for Power to make those Cuts; and that he advised them to apply for those Powers. And being asked. If the Shoal, near Woodlesford Lock, can be avoided without theproposed Cut there? he said. He apprehended it could not, in a proper Manner; — that he was influenced by other Motives, besides the Shoals, to recommend the making of that Cut; which were, to avoid that ‘Mill Dam, and Sivillington Bridge, which is a local Impediment in that River. And being asked, What Impediment there is in navigating Fleet Mill Dam he said, That the Dam, when full, only makes a dead Level in Times of Low Water, not quite Two Feet and an Half above the Shoals; and when drawn clown a Foot and an Half, which he supposes the Millers might occasionally do, there will be only One Foot Water upon the Shoals; whereas his Proportion is for making Three Feet and an Half Water at those Times, without flashing. And being asked. If there are any Shoals between Swillington Bridge and Fleet Mill? he said, There are none qearcr than the navigable Cut. And being asked. What are the Lengths of the Shoals between Sivillington Bridge and Woodlesford Lock ? he said. About 38 Chains of such as would become Impediments when the Dam is drawn down 18 Inches, and still leaving 3 Feet 6 Inches Water over those Shoals. And being asked, What will be the Expence of removing those Shoals ? he said. He could not tell; that it being a Work of so great Uncertainty, was one of the Reasons for avoiding the entering into it at all. And being asked. What is the Difference of the Level of the Water between Swillington Bridge and Woodlesford Lock, at Low Water ? he said. It is nearly on a dead Level; that in Short-A'ater Times, and no flashing, he apprehends it under an Inch. And being asked, If he knew the particular Length of the Shoals which it would be necessary to remove, between Swillington Bridge and Woodlesford Lock ? lie said, He could not ljjeak particularly; but he believed from founding, which he did the whole Way, that they are half the

whole-

i4 Geo. III. Martin 585

whole Length. And beinp; asked, What is the Depth off any Part of the Objection ? he said, Yes. And of the Water upon the Shoals at Low Water Time ? being asked, Whether the making the Cut, or the foie he said. That those which lie in the Turn of the River keeping the Water up the Height above mentioned, below Woodlesford Lock, are about the Height of the would be least prejudicial to the Lands adjoining? he

Lock ThreIhold in the shalloweft Part, at a Medium; said, He believed the latter would be most prejudicial, and at the uppermost Shoals, about Two Feet Teh but could not say. And being asked, If it may be Inches: — That there are two other Shoals, at each of that the Lands would be more affected by holding up which the Depth of Water is Three Feet Ten Inches, the Water than by the new Cut ? he laid, It is possible after which the Water is deep. And being asked, in the First Cafe, and impossible in the other. And What Depth of Water he required to have upon those being asked. Whether, if the Land was his own* lie Shoals? he said, In order to secure Three Feet Six should think it safer to make the Cut, or to hold up the Inches when the Dams are drawn down, it is necessary Dam ? lie laid, He was clear it would be safer to make to have Five Feet. And being asked, If he meant the Cut. And being asked. How Vessels are to pass that the Shoals have Two Feet Ten Inches Water Fleet Mill if that Cut is not made ? he said, They can when the Water is drawn down ? he said, No; that it is pass the Mill no other Way than by building a new upon a Supposition of a full Dam. And being asked, Lock, and cutting the Side of the other; or by the re-How much Water there is left upon the Shoals by let- building the old one, or deepening the present Course ting down the Dams ? he said, It depends upon what of the River. And being asked, Whether the Mills Quantity of Water is drawn off; when the Dams are would suffer the Lois of Locks full of Water by that drawn down to Eighteen Inches, there will remain, on Method ? he said, The Lois of Water would be equal, the deeped Shoals, Two Feet Four Inches, and on the provided they were both perfectly executed; but if the shallowed, One Foot Four Inches. And being asked, going by the old Passage was to be imperfectly exelf he could not procure a sufficient Quantity of Water cuted, or at Times landed up by the Floods, that more by raising the Dams at Fleet Mill?he said, Yes; but Water may be wanted by the old ltoad, in order to that he apprehended if the Dam was raised bodily, flash as at present. And being asked, Whether, upon and not by temporary Dam Boards, it would be ob- the Whole, the Damage, or Chance of Damage, to the jested to by the Land Owners; and if a Board of a Mills, will be more than by the Scheme of executing Foot Height was put upon the Crown of the Dam, the new Cut ? he said, The Chance of Damage will and the Millers were never to draw below the Top And being asked, If the Land, by the Side of the of the Boards, it would give the necessary Water intended Cut, is not very low ? he laid. It is liable to without further Trouble; that there would then re- be overflowed; but that it is not the lowest Land of main no other Impediment but Swillington Bridge in that Sort. And being asked, Whether the Current, in that Reach; that the Impediment by Fleet Lock lying some Parts of the River, does not, in Times of Floods, too high, and the Shallows in the Tail Cut below find its Way down the Mill Fields ? he said. He had Fleet Mill, would still remain, but will be avoided by never l'een it in such a Situation; but in Circumstances the new Cut: — That the Shoal at Fleet Mill is about believed it mull. And being asked, Whether he appre-Ten Chains long; and that he is not certain what hended that, if the Canal and Banks were made across would be the Expence of removing it. And being it, it would impede and keep back Part of the Floods, asked. If he apprehended, from his own Knowledge, and consequently throw the Floods into the Meadows that the Expence of railing the Water at Fleet Mill by on the North Side ? he said, He apprehended it would temporary Dam Boards, together with the Expence of have that Effect in a small Degree, but how much he removing the Shoals below Fleet Mill, would be more could not tell. And being asked, Whether he knew or less than the Expence of making the new Cut ? he the Width of the whole Valley that the Floods now said. He apprehended, that adding to the Articles run over ? he said, He never measured it; but believed above mentioned in the Question, the Expence of re- that, in this Place, the Valley is pretty open. And building Fleet Lock, which now lies too high, and being asked, If Half the Valley is contracted, it would Swillington Bridge, which lies too low, the whole Ex- not be a very considerable Detriment, in Hopping the pence, put together, might nearly balance one another: Floods above that Place ? he said, He apprehended

— That he was inclined to believe, the pursuing of the not. And being asked. How much it contracted the Course of the River would be the cheapest, but not Valley ? he said. He supposed, but did not say from the most complete. And being asked. If the Lock at actual Measure, taking Breadth and Depth together,

Fleet Mill is in bad Condition ? he said. That when he not a Fifth Part; besides which, the chief Discharge is law it last it was neither in very good nor very bad in the Hollow of the River, as the Hedges interrupt Condition, but in tenantable Repair. And being asked, so much in the Valleys that it has no great Dif-Whether, if the Canal is made, it will be necessary to charge.

keep up the Lock at Fleet Mill, for the Use of the Mill ? Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

he said, He apprehended not. And being asked, What who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

is the Height of Swillington Bridge? he said, It is about amend an Act, passed in the 10th and x 1 th Years of

Twelve Feet and an Half. And being asked. What is the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, " An

to be the Height of the Bridge upon the new Cut ? " Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of

he said. That was a Thing never fixed; — that he should " Air and Calder, in the County of Yorksor im-

not propose to build it less than Ten Feet where the proving the Navigation of the said River from

Water in the Cut never varies; or to build Draw Weyland, to the River Ouze; and for making a Na-

Bridges. And being asked, If he looked upon Ten vigable Canal from the said River Air, at or near

Feet Height of Bridge, in a Canal navigated by Light- Ha to the River Ouze, at or near in the

ers, as sufficiently high for the Purpose of a Canal said County, That they do make Provision in the said

Navigation? he laid, He apprehended that Ten Feet " Bill, for making such Cuts or Canals, as shall be ne-

is the lowest they should be made; but, as they have cefiary, for improving and completing the said Navi-

been continually altering the Bridges, to make them gation.

higher and higher, or making Draw Bridges, he should

alk the Question of the Navigators before he should An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Prisoners charged Prisoner*. fix them down to Ten Feet. And being asked, If he with Felony or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or and knew of any Way so advantageous for the Public as discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Gaoler*-that described in the Plan ? he said. No.' And being Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such

asked, Whether, if the Water was kept up the Height Fees out of the County Rates, was read the Third of One Foot by a temporary Board, that would take Time.

Vo l . 34. Resolved,

Exchequer Bills.

Supply.

(Estimates

referred.)

Ways and Means.

586

2 30 Ma

A.

1774-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Belief of Prisoners charged with Felony or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates.

Ordered, That Sir T/iomns Clawing do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money,' by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year 1773-"

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House^ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Sco, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of Ju 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of June 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of I lis Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to the 24th of June 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworthalfo acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Henlhair* Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Smithy, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to

rington, in the County of Laucafer, and from Buildout Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near in the said County of Chefer; without any Amendment.

Sec, Roads.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lalehara

Inclosure.

Watts’*

Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Watts, Esquire, called South Hill, or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Townfield, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Fitzmaurice* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Plantation upon the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmau Esquire, dc-

ceased; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold? for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein, mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Estate.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday, the 7th Day of this Instant March, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th and nth Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most graqious Mef-sage, together with the said Papers, be referred to the Consideration of t^ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the, immediate Rcmoyal of tl^e Officers* concerned in the Collection and Management of His Majesty’s shuties of Customs, from the Town of Boftoft, in the Province of Bay, in North

Amqripar, and to discontinue the Landing and Discharging. Lading, and Shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Bofott, or within the Harbour thereof is committed.

America*

Colonies#

Boston Port and Customs.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the ^souse The other Order of the Day being read; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, The.House iefolved itself into a Committee of the to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the whole Hqufe, ypon the Bill for the immediate Removal

Ditto.

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly j

of the Officers concerned in the Collection and Management. of fdis Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the

Town

14 Geo. III. 230 — 240 587

Town of Bojton, in the Province of MaJJ'achufctts Bay, in North America; and to discontinue the Landing and Discharging, Lading and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Bojion, or within the Harbour thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Com. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, (HudIon's resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Corn, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Martii;

Anno 140 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Heatley’s (\Rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Divorce. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley, with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Alderman Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Hopkins reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and " keeping navigable the Rivers of and , in

" the County of York;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland, to the River Ouze; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze,

at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Tetnejr to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Richard In'l°^u,re Earl Scarborough, Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Drainage. Tithes within the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tithes within the same Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his ....

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Maurice Searle, being examined, said, He knows the Lands mentioned in the Petition; that, in their present Situation, they are not capable of any considerable Improvement; that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if Powers were given to imbank the Commonable and Waste Lands, and other Parts of the said Parish of Tetney, and to drain, divide, and inclose, all the Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

Stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Cecil Wray, and Mr. Amcotts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Fife County of Fife, was read a Second Time. Highways

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Bridget. Scott, Mr. Craufurd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Newthwpe Commons and Waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great (Greafley) Common and Begerley Common, in the Parish of *nc o "re‘

in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 21. After " made" to insert " And that " nothing in this Act contained " shall extend to affeil the Manerial Rights of the Lord of the " Manor of Greafley, within which " Parish the Hamlet of Newthoipe " is situate."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Newthorpe Great Common and Begerley Common, in the Parish of Greafley, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air Sir Thomas Franklandprefen ted to the House, accord- Mr. Edmonflone reported from the Committee, to

and Calder ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Roaa$.

and" Tent^and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-

Navigation. Vo 1.. 34. 7 seventh

0

588 24"MatM. -^.1774.

seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of G/a/gow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of called The Milnford of Garfcube, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Madhonfet. Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating Madhouses,.. be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pownall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pozvnall reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sail Cloth. The House was moved, that an Act, made in the (Law* ex- Fourth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

pinng.) intituled, M An Act for further encouraging the Manufadurc of British Sail Cloth, by taking off the Duties " and Drawbacks therein mentioned, and allowing an " additional Bounty on made Sail Cloth exported; and for stamping British-ma.dc Sail Cloth " with the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tonfider of the said Act.

Copy‘Right Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, to whom of 8 the Petition of the Booksellers of London and Westmin-

Booksellers, jler, on Behalf of themselves and others. Holders of Copy Right; and also the Petition of John

Bach and Charles Frederick Abel, on Behalf of themselves and several other Composers and Proprietors of Books, Works, and Compositions in Mulic, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the First-mentioned Petition; and had also examined the Matter of the Second-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State of the Fadts contained in the First-mentioned Petition, and also the Matter of the Second-mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

A State of the Matter of Fadl contained in the First-mentioned Petition, is as follows; viz.

It appeared, that by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed " Books in the Authors and Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned," it was, amongst other Things, Enacted, That, from and after the 10th

Day of April 1710, the Authors or Proprietors of such Books as had been already printed, should have the lole Liberty of re-printing and publishing the same foe Twenty-one Years, and no longer: Then your Committee proceeded to examine,

Mr. William Johnston, who had formerly been a Bookseller, but had left off Business; who said. He entered into Business in the Year 1748, and left it off in June last; during which Time, he attended all the Capital Sales of Copy Rights: That, on his first entering into Trade, he purchased the whole Stock of Books and Copy Right of Mr. John Clarke, for which he paid near j^. 3,000; above One Half of which. Sum was for Copy Right: That the Sales are open to the whole Trade; but he never knew any but Booksellers apply to be admitted; that, from that Time, he continued to purchase Copy Right to the Amount of near f. 10,000 more; and believed Three-fourths of the Books in Trade had his Name, as Part Proprietor, especially the Old Copies; the Rights to which are expired, according to the Act of Queen A me: That many of them had been printed above Twenty-eight Years j and that he never imagined the Act of Queen Anne interfered with the Common Law Right; and it was most undoubtedly the general Idea of the Trade, before the late Judgment in the House of Peers, that the Booksellers had a perpetual Right in the Copies they had purchased of Authors, and their Assigns, by the Common Law; and, if any Doubts had been entertained before the late Determination of the Court of King’s Bench, that Judgment would certainly have removed them.

Being asked, Whether he did not Claim a Copy Right in feme of the Editions of the Classics in ufum Delphini? he said. No such Right was ever claimed,- lb as to exclude any other Person who chose to print them: That he had purchased the Right of printing in Part feme of those Classics; but never supposed that Right protected by any Law, nor considered it in any other Manner than as the Purchase of an honorary Right; which he explained to be a Maxim held by the Trade, not to re-print upon the First Proprietor: That, in the Sum of £. 12,000 mentioned to be paid by him for Copy Rights, feme Shares in the Classics in ufum Delphini are included; but to the best of his Recol-ledion such Shares do not amount in the Whole to £. 100.

Being examined as to the Book called Tatler, he produced Sir Richard Steele's Assignment of the Copy Right; and laid. He had heard that the Toilers were originally pubjished in Numbers as Newspapers.

Being examined as to his Title to a Share in Britannia, he said, He never heard of, or saw, any Assignment from Cambdetr, that it was Bishop Gibson's Edition of Cambden, of which he purchased the Share; that he knows not what Bookseller first printed Gibson's Cambden; and has bought many Shares in Books without looking into the Title.

That the Purchase Deed does not specify any Assignment from Cambden, nor was it requisite; that Cambden's original Work was in Latin, and translated by Doctor Gibson, afterwards Bishop of London; that he believes there were two or three Editions printed of that Translation, and one particularly within these Four Years, from a corrected Copy of the late Bishop, which Edition cost the Booksellers £. 800, and the Edition before that, was eighteen Years in felling off; that the Consideration given to Mr. Scott, for the Copy with the said Corrections, was only a few Copies of the Book, for Presents to his Friends; that.he never heard there was any Assignment from Cambden, but has always understood that the Translator of any Work, is protected in the Right to his Translation by the Common Law.

That had he imagined a Common Law Right not to exist, he should not have laid out so large a Sum on a precarious Title; nor did he recoiled ever to have heard the Common Law Right talked of, till agitated in the

ouct

14 Geo. III. 240

Court of King’s Bench; that they always took Assign-tnents from those of whom they purchased, which they supposed to be Assignments of the Common Law Right; and he produced an Assignment of the Guardians, from Sir Richard Steele.

That he never heard of either Common Law or Statute Right being infer ted in an Assignment, but supposes and always understood, that when a Man fells all his Right and Title for ever, it means a Common Law Right, independant of any Statute; and that is the Idea on which the Trade have always acted in purchasing Shares of Copy Hights; and that be never law a Term of Years mentioned in an Assignment: That he purchased his Share in the Guardians, at s Sale, the 18th of

August 1767, and Sir Richard Steele’s Assignment is in 1713, and that he had never met with any Interruption in that Right, since he purchased it.

That he never saw or heard of any Assignment, where the Second Term of Fourteen Years, mentioned in the Act of Queen Anne, was reserved to the Author; but that undoubtedly he gets more Money for his Copy for Twenty-eight Years, than he would for Fourteen, and fells the Chance of the Reversion, when he assigns it for ever: That all the Assignments he has ever seen, ancient and modern, run in general to the Bookseller and his Assigns, for ever; and some of them go so far as to bind themselves, their Heirs and Executors, to protect the Purchaser, his Heirs, and Executors, in the full and free Enjoyment of such Copy Right for ever: And he produced to your Committee, the Assignment of Doctor Robertson to Andrew Millar, of the History of Scotland', which appeared to be of that Form.

Having mentioned several other Books of which he had purchased Shares, and, among others, and

Lord’s Works, he said, He had no Assignment of Mr. Dryden, but bought it at Mr. Tonfon s Sale (and one of the Assignments at Mr. Tonfon's Sale was produced) — That he had never seen an Assignment of Mr. Locke's Works, and never heard any Question about it before; but he really believes there was an Assignment, which Belief he founds upon the Practice of the Trade; for that the Person felling was never required to shew or deliver up the Original Assignment; for in the Purchase of this Property, they never inquire into the Title, if they have an Opinion of th£ Seller.

That it is always prelumed, in the Course of Trade, that a long Possession of Copy is a Proof of Title from the Original Author; that Sums to a very large Amount have been laid out upon this Presumption; and that he, in particular, should never have laid out so large a Sum *s he had done, if he had entertained any other Idea of it; and that he never inquired into the Length of Time that the Seller had been in Possession of the Copy, in case he thought the Vender to be an honest Man.

Being asked, Where a Copy Right is divided into many Shares, where a Person might learn the several Proprietors of those Shares ? he answered, That when a Book is reprinted, the general Rule of the Trade is, that the Man who has the largest Share makes up the Account, and every Person claiming a Share in that Work gives in his Claim, and has his Proportion according to his Share; so that any Person wanting to know who are concerned in such a Work, by applying to the Person who makes up this Account, may get the Information; and the Person who makes up these Accounts fends written Summonses to all whom he knows to be concerned.

That he knows of no Prosecution at Common Law, against any Person either in Town or Country, for printing any Book unprotected by the Statute of Queen Anne-, that l\ich Books have been printed, but there was a much easier Remedy that an Action at Law, for by filing a Bill in Chancery, the Booksellers always obtained an Injunction, and by the Answer given the Bookseller could ascertain the Damage he had sustainecl, as the Defendants were obliged to declare the Number they had printed: That he never made Use of this Re-Vol. 34.

Martii. 589

medy but once, which was in the same of printing the Pilgrim's Progress, written by Runyon, which was printed by one Luckman of Coventry; who delivered up

all the Books, paid the Expences, and promised never to offend again: That this Affair was made up by private Agreement, Luckman made the Proposal, and the Witness accepted of it: That the Title he set up to the Pilgrim's Progress, was by Purchase of the Stock of Clarke

aforesaid, among which was assigned to the Witness, by Clarke's Executor, the Whole of the Copy of the Pilgrim's Progress, but he did not look into the Title which Clarke had to it; and that he can suggest no other Real'on for Luckman's delivering up the Copies and paying the Expences, than that he thought he was doing an unlawful Act: That it is the Custom of the Trade, as he always understood, to prosecute Offenders, in Cafes of Piracy of Copies, at their own private Expence; and that the Witness himself prosecuted at his own Expence in Two Instances, the first about Eighteen Years ago, and the other about Three or Four.

That he never consulted any Counsel in making the Purchases of Copy Right, but laid out his Money, upon the general Opinion of the Common Law Right.

Being asked. Whether, in the course of Trade, the undisturbed Possession of a Copy Right, by any Bookseller, has not been deemed such a Presumption of an Assignment from the Original Author, as to warrant Persons to lay out their Money in the Purchase of it ? he laid. He always was of that Opinion, and never would have laid out the Sum he did, if lie bad had any other Idea of it.

That when an Author chuses originally that his Name should be concealed, no other Proof than Possession can be had of his Assignment; or if the Author chuses to make a voluntary Present of his Work to a Bookseller, it would appear very inconsistent to alk such a Thing; and upon the Prevalence of such Presumptions, original Assignments are not always carefully kept, and transmitted from Hand to Hand, as Titles, when the Transaction has been a long Time past, the Nature of the Trade not admitting of it.

That, had a Doubt existed in the Mind of the Witness of the Principle of the Common Law Right, it would have been entirely removed by the frequent Injunctions granted, unappealed from, and submitted to; and he certainly should have been the more inclined to lay out his Money in Copy Right, and to have given larger Sums for l'uch Purchases, upon the Authority of such Injunctions.

Being asked. If he knew any One Injunction which turns upon the Claim of Common Law Right, independant of the Statute? he said, He recollected but One, and that was Tonfon and Walker, in regard to Milton's Paradise Lojl: That he never took a Lawyer’s Opinion of the Common Law Right, because he thought it unnecessary; and never heard the Question agitated till it came into the Court of King’s Bench, and then Three, if not Four, of the Judges were clear as to the Common Law Right; there were Two Causes agitated in that Court, One, Tonfon against Collins, when Three Judges fat there. Two of whom are dead, and One retired (Mr. Justice Sir Michael,

and Sir Eardly WilmotJ and the Opinion of the Court then was in Favour of the Common Law Right; and in the same of Millar and Taylor, in the Year 1769, a Judgement was obtained in Favour of such Right: That, in the said same of Tonfon and Collins, the Court of King’s Bench did not proceed tojudgment, because (as he hath been informed within these Two or Three Days, and collects from Sir James Burroughs Reports) Ixxrd Mansfield declared, in giving Judgment in the same of Millar and Taylor, that the Reason of the Court’s not proceeds ing to judgment, in the same of Tonfon and ,v did not arile from any Difference of Opinion in the Judges of that Court, but because they understood that it was a collusive Action.

That

59°

24° Martii. A. 1774-

That, upon his quitting Business, lie assigned his Property in Copy Rights to his Son, on Condition he should be jointly bound with himself to pay all his Creditors; who, not doubting of the Validity of the Security, readily consented to it. Upon which the Copy Rights^ were valued by Meffis. Longman and Two

Booksellers of the first Reputation, at between 8 and £.9,000; and the Witness believes they would have fold for that Sum in June last, when he quitted Business; but that since the Determination in the House of Lords they would not fell for a Fourth Part of that Sum; and had there remained a Doubt in the Mind of the Witness of a legal Property in those Copies, exclusive of the Statute of Queen Anne, he should never have involved a Son, who had a genteel Fortune left him by his Grandfather, to take them as a Security for any Debts the Witness owed.

That if Relief is not granted in the present Session of Parliament, so many Books will be printed, both in London and the Country, as will make it impossible to grant the Sufferers Redrels, without Injury to the other Publ illiers.

Being asked, What had reduced the Value of the Copy Rights, between the Time of his purchasing them and transferring them to his Son ? he laid. That many Circumstances contributed to reduce the Value of Copies: Moll Books are capable of Improvement, in all Arts and Sciences; that a Copy this Day may be worth /.500, which, in a Twelvemonth, may not be worth £.5; because other Works of a like Nature come out with Improvements which render the old Books on the same Subject of no Value; and a new Edition of a Work, with Improvements, after the Purchase made,*lessens the Value of the Copy for a Time.

Being asked. Whether, when Booksellers buy a Copy Right, they don’t, at the same Time, buy all the Copies then printed off ? he said, They frequently do, and frequently not; but they never re-print any Copy under that Predicament, until the Books remaining are fold off.

Being asked the Question, he said, That when he fold his Property in Copy R'ght to his Son, it was known among the Trade, that there was an Appeal depending before the House of Lords, upon the Point, Whether there was any Literary Property at Common Law ? but that the Witness, and the Trade in general, was so well confirmed by the Determination of the Court of King’s Bench, that he thought there was little or no Risque at all; for, that had such a Doubt existed in his Mind, he could have fold that Property iome Years ago, for nearly as much, if not the Whole, it cost him. And that he knows not of any Sale of Copy Rights derived under Authors at Common Law, since the Determination in the House of Lords; nor of any within Six Months previous to that Decision, except his own.

Being asked. Whether, in his Opinion, if Relief is not granted in consequence of this Application, there is not a Danger of valuable Books being out of Print, from a dread of Competition by the Multitude of Copies that may be printed by different Booksellers, in different Parts of the Kingdom ? he said. That would certainly be the Consequence as to elegant Editions.

That he thinks, a Month before the late Decision in the House of Lords, he could have disposed of his Property in Copy Rights for a very inconsiderable Loss.

Being asked, Why it was not the Custom of those who are possessed of Copy Right, to enter them in the Books of the Stationers Company? he said. He could only answer for himself, that he never thought the Penalties prescribed by the Act of the Eighth of Queen Anne were worth contending for, as a much shorter and more complete Relief might be had, by filing a Bill in Chancery; that the Trade of a Bookseller is circum-, feribed by no Law, nor any Bye-Law of the Stationers Company; and every Man that pleases may let up in the Business, without an Hour’s Servitude to the Trade;

and the Wholesale Booksellers in London, solicit the Country Booksellers, to supply them with Books.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, Copy of a Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, in the Caule of Millar against Taylor, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Year of our Lord 1766; whereby it appeared, that Millar recovered against 1 Damages, and

£60 Colts.

Mr. John IVilkie, Clerk to the Booksellers Public Auctions, produced to your Committee, an Account, whereby it appeared, that the Sum of ^.49,981. 5 r. had been laid out at such Public Auctions, since the Year 1755, in Money for Copy Rights; in which Account the Money laid out by private Contracts, is not included. Then,

There was produced to your Committee, Copy of a Judgment of the House of Lords, upon the Appeal of Alexander Donaldson and John Donaldson, and the Answer of Thomas Becket, Peter Abraham De Hon

and others, Respondents; whereby it is ordered and adjudged, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parlia-‘ ment assembled, that the said Decree complained of in the said Appeal be reversed.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition,

Mr. Augustine Greenland, informed your Committee,

That Doubts have arisen, whether the Right granted by the Act of the Eighth of Queen to the Authors

of Books, extends to the Authors of Books or Compo-fitions in Music: That Mess. Longman, Lukie, and Company, and one Thoroughgood, have published the Com-

positions of Matters in Music, apprehending such Compositions were not within the Intention of the said Act of the Eighth of Queen; but that the Witness had not taken the Opinion of Counsel upon it.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Booksellers, and others, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " others" to the End of the Question, and inserting " Purchasers of " Copy Rights, within a limited Time."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Feilde,

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Alderman I bridge:

Tellers for the Noes, |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Booksellers, and others, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, |

16

Mr. Burke, 1

Mr. Whitworth:

Mr. Attorney General, 7

Mr. Charles James F:x: 3 So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Fielde, Mr. Alderman Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dunning, Mr. Burke, Mr. Alderman Harley, and Mr. Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Corn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 13th Y'ear

of

i4 Geo. III.

24* — 25° Martii.

591

of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon thisDay Three Weeks, the 14th Day of Ap next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Woollen Ma- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into nufa&ory. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory, was committed}

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Prisoners; T*he Order of the Day being read, for the House to Galois.1" ,'e^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

Supply. Sir Chdrles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand and-Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Exbences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, so'ir the yCar 1.774.

Resolved, That if ft the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not Exceeding Sjy Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted \6 His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Experice of supporting and maintaining the Civil EstablishOient "of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Chaft of situate Between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the year 1774'.

Resolved, 'Hiat It is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Three Hundred and Forfjl-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for t maintaining rind supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year

*774- . .:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand and Eigfity-Irx Pounds, be' granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June r773* to the 24th Day o{Jme 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum; Hot exceeding Four Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Eaf Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1773 to the 24th Day of June r774-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to' His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and Other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1773 to the 24th Day of June r774.

VOL. 34.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House*

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for the immediate Removal of the Officers concerned in the Collection and Management of H:S Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the Town of Boston, in the Province of sets Bay, in North America; and to discontinue thfe Landing and Discharging, Lading and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Boston, or within the Harbour thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-morfow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Corn, for the Benefit of the Hudfonf Bay Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ch^ir.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee* That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered That the Report be now received.

Mr. Frederick Montagu accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee haa directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, from the Port of London to Hudfms Bay, in North America, be at all Times permitted, under certain Regulations, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants feliding the re.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agree to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Baker do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris^ 2 50 die Martii

m

Anno 14* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1774*

Prayers.

LORD Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, arid other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of ‘Tetney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wroot, in the

7 M County

Boston (America) Port and Costonu house.

Corn.

(Hudson’s

Bay.)

Tetnejr

Inclosure.

Wfoot

Inclosure.

v^﻿Clerkenwell (St, James’s) Streets, Poor, &c.

Upton Snodibu ry Inclosure.

Heatley'*

Divorce.

Itnareiborougfc

Inclosure.

592

25° Mart it. A. 1774.

County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell, called Saint James's, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church;

for repairing, watching, and lighting, the Highways; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public railages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkettwell, called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching, and lighting, certain Highways within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Upton in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Upton bury, in the County of fVorcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdesweldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Heatley, with Arabella Dawson, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Persons interested in divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Messuages, Burgage Houses, ancient Waste Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Constableries or Townships of Knaresborough and Scriven with 7enter gate, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read: Taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing " such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie

" within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned 5" and setting forth. That the Petitioners preferred their Claims of Common Right upon the said Forest to the Commissioners named in the said Act, pursuant to the Directions thereof, which were objected to, and referred to the Arbitrators therein named, in the Manner by the said Act directed, who, upon hearing of several of the Petitioners Claims, disallowed the fame; and that several others of the Petitioners not being able to produce such Evidence as was then required by the said Arbitrators, they were obliged to withdraw the fame; and that a Verdict was afterwards produced, and read in Evidence to the said Arbitrators, by Means of which great Numbers of Claims of similar Nature to those disallowed and withdrawn were allowed by the said Arbitrators: And therefore praying, That their several Claims, so disallowed, or withdrawn as aforesaid, may be brought on to be heard before the Arbitrators named in the said Act, and de-

termined by them; and that the Petitioners may be included in the Provisions of the said Bill now depending, to prevent the Sale of Lands.

A Petition of several Persons interested in divers Kn»«ao«o.*k Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Messuages, Bur-gage Houses, ancient Waste Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Constableries or Townships of Knaresborough and Scriven with Tentergate, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners did prefer their Claims of Common Right upon the said Forest to the Commissioners named in the said Act, pursuant to the Directions thereof, which were objected to, and referred to the Arbitrators therein named, in the Manner by the said Act directed, and have been allowed by them; and the Petitioners are entitled to their respective Shares of the Wastes by the said Act directed to be inclosed; but are doubtful whether the Commissioners are sufficiently authorized and impowered to make any certain Allotment of the said Waste Grounds, in respect of Messuages, Burgage Houses, and ancient Waste Buildings; and that it will tend greatly to the Advantage and Convenience of all Persons entitled to Shares of the said Waste Lands, if the Allotments, in respect of such Estates, were made as near to the said Two Townships as conveniently may be, and declared to lie within the same Townships as those Estates lie: And therefore praying, That they may be included in the Provisions of the said Bill, to prevent the Sale of Lands; and that the said Commissioners may be sufficiently authorized to make to the Petitioners, in respect of their Messuages, Burgage Houses, and ancient Waste Buildings, a certain Allotment of the said Waste Lands, in such Proportion as the Value of the said Messuages, Burgage Houses, and ancient Waste Buildings, put together, bears with the Lands and Grounds entitled to Allotments of the said Waste Grounds, but without any of the said Messuages, Burgage Houses, or ancient Waste Buildings, being considered, in making the Allotments to the Owners thereof respectively, at any more or greater Value than any other Messuage,

Burgage House, or ancient Waste Building; and that the several Allotments, to be made to the Petitioners respectively, may be set out as near to Knaresborough and Scriven with Tentergate aforesaid as conveniently may be, and declared to be in the same Township as the Estates, in respect whereof they are made, do lie; and that all Persons, who make known to the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, their Desire of being eluded in the said intended Act, on or before such Time as to the House shall seem meet, may have the same Benefit and Advantage therefrom as the Parties who are or shall be named therein.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Dlttow thereunto subscribed, being Persons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the Waste Lands, lying within the Eleven Constableries of the District called the Forest. of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That a Petition hath been ^relented, reciting Part of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Waste Lands within the Eleven Constableries of the District called the Forest of,

in the County of York: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth. That the Petitioners, in respect of their several Estates, Lands, and Tenements, are entitled to their respective Shares of the said Waste Lands, by the said Act intended to be divided and inclosed; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Provisions proposed by the said Petition and Bill will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Parties thereto: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be included in, and made Parties to, the

14 Geo. III. 250 Martii. 593

said Bill; and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and in-M doling such of the Open Parts of the District " called the Forest of , in the County of 7'ork, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petitions.

Benton's Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, to whom fcilate. jngj-offed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of late of ’Thomas Benson, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to raile Money, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Will ford Mr. Van reported from the Committee, to whom the

iKlofure. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsfoid, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Madhoofri. Mr. Pownall, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating Madhouses was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Poyis's Mr. Cooper reported from die Committee, to whom *he Petition of the Right honourable Barbara, Countess Dowager of Powis, in Behalf of the Right honourable

George Edward Henry Arthur, Earl of Powis, her Son, now an Infant, together with a Certificate thereunto Vol. 34.

annexed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

Robert Pardoe, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the late Earl of Powis, some Time before his Death, purchased certain Estates, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop, heretofore belonging to Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, formerly Treasurer of the Transport Service.

And it appeared to your Committee, from the Certificate from the Deputy Auditor of the Imprefts, which was annexed to the Petition, That the said Charles Mason, on the Foot of his final Account, was indebted to the Crown the Sum of £.3,170. 12s. 3 to the Payment of which Debt your Committee find his Estates were liable.

Mr. Pardoe then produced to your Committee, the Memorial presented by the late Earl of Powis to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, Hating, That by Reason of the numerous Incumbrances, prior to the Claim of the Crown, on the said Mr. s Estate, the same will not be sufficient to answer any Part of the Debt due to the Crown, and expressing his Willingness to pay to the Crown such Composition as to their Lordships should appear reasonable, in order to dilincumber the fame; which Memorial their Lordships referred to the Solicitor for the Treasury, for his Opinion; by whose Report thereon, which was produced to your Committee, it appears, that he gave it as his Opinion, that the Claim the Crown has on the said Estates can never be satisfied, and that therefore, if their Lordships thought fit, they might properly consent to the said Estates being discharged from the Debt due to the Crown; and he at the same Time submitted to their Lordships, whether it would not be proper to direct the Matter to be laid before the Solicitor of the Tax Office; which was accordingly done.. And,

Mr. Pardoe produced to your Committee, the Report of the Solicitor of the Tax Office on the said Matter; by which it appeared to your Committee, that he gave it as his Opinion, that as the Incumbrances on the said Estates appeared to him greatly to exceed the real Value of the Estates, and as those Incumbrances will always be prior to the Debt of the Crown, and may be set up by the present Owners against the Crown Debt, and as the Rents of the said Estates will not near pay the Interest of those Incumbrances, which consequently will annually increase, and as it would not, in his Opinion, be at all adviseable for the Crown to redeem the Mortgages on the said Estates, he thought it might be proper lor their Lordships to permit the Petitioner to apply to Parliament to enable their Lordships to compound the Debt due to the Crown, and that, after such Act should be obtained, their Lordships might compound the said Debt, at such Sum of Money as, under all the Circumstances of the Cafe, their Lordships should think reasonable; but that he was of Opinion, their Lordships could not compound the same without the Aid of Parliament. And it appeared to your Committee, from the Evidence of Mr. Pardoe, that the said George Edward Henry Arthur, Earl of Powis, on the Death of his late Father, became, and is now, entitled to the greatest Part of the said Estates of the said Charley Mason, whereof his said Father was seised as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideratiop of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An

L

Mi t ford's Eilaic.

Hereford Streets, Poor, &c.

Hat

Manufjfturtrs

Combinations,

&C.

Land Tax.

Deeping

Fens

Drainage.

Ofwalvkwifle,

Inclosure.

Bishop’s Itching ion inciofure.

594 25° Martii. A. *7^4.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, deviled by the Will of Mitford, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the like Ul'es, was read a Second

riv

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hawke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Symons presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, cleaning, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for letting the poor People of the said City to Work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said-City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather,

" Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures;

" and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and of " all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures;

" and for the better Payment of their Wages," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-to Sir Harbord Harbord, Mr. Bacon, &c. A nd they are to meet this Afteri. ion, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell, and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " lor granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four," together with those named in Two former Acts for up-pointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth, and Twenty-second Years of King Charles the Second, and of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Oswald-tivijle, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bishop's Itching,

Palmer's Furze, The Oil, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bishop's Itchington, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And'also,

9

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intittfled. An Suttoa Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields. Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's, otherwise Sutton Bonnington, commonly called Ann's End, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Export* Merchandize, exported from, or imported into, that & Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1769 Import*, to Christmas 1771; distinguishing each Place, and each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Raw Linen Yarn (Liaea imported into England, from Foreign Parts, and from Trade.)

Ireland, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Ticks, or Ticking, Ditto, imported into England, and exported from thence, with the Duties arid Drawbacks paid thereon, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the first of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Two last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Hop*. Order, a Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Bagging of Hops: And the same was received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hawken the better regulating of Hawkers and Pedlars, and for remedying the Inconveniences arising from itinerant °wUar*" Traders, and others disposing of Wares and Merchandizes by Auctions: And that Sir Harbord Harbord, Sir Charles Buttbury, Mr. Bacon, Mr., Holt, and Mr. Brickdale,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Ayr Bank England, trading to The East Indies, was presented to Annuide*. the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Bill now; depending in the House, to enable the Bank of in Scotland, upon certain Terms therein mentioned, to issue £. 500,000 in Bonds of £. 50 each, to be rendere4

to all Inteilts and Purposes negociable and vendible like East India Bonds, Navy and Exchequer Bills, but intended to bear an Interest, as the Petitioners apprehend, of £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, will, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, if the same should pass into a Law, most materially affect and prejudice the Interest; and Credit of the Petitioners, by reducing the Value of their Bonds, which now are issued at an interest of Three per Cent. only: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the fame-may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for carrying into Execution certain Pro-pofals, made by the Moll noble Henry Duke of Buc- J

cleugh, the Most noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the

Firm

American

Colonies.

(Boston.)

Ditto.

Ditto.

14 Geo. III. 25 - Mar fit' 505

firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company," be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel; against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Pttition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

upon Monday Morning next. '

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Melldge' of Monday the- 7th Day of this Iristant March, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North', upon the 7th and 1 ith Days of this Instant , by His Majesty’-s Command.;

: Ordered,' That the Teveraf Papers, which were pre-fehted to the House by the Lord , upon the 28th Day'of Novemberand7 th Day of 1768, and the-20th Day of- January 1769; and also the several Papers presented to the House by Mr. Vice Chamberlain, upon the yth'Day of May 1770, from N* 1 to bJ® 9, inclusive, - relative to His Majesty’s Colonies in North America,- be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper,' intituled, " Mhjfachufett's u Ray--Charter, granted by King and Queen

Mary-, in the Third Year of their Reign," which was presented to the House upon the 2zd Day of January 1740, be referred-to-the said Committee.

' -1. ‘ ---

A Petition of William Boll an, Esquire (styling him-seif Agent) for and in Behalf of the Council of the Province of Massachusett’s Bay, and likewise of himself and the other Inhabitants of- the Town of Boston, being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being tnade, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

j 40.

d&ty*for } i7o,

’ Sort passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Natives of North America, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, being Natives of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, arc deeply interested in every

Proceeding of the House, which touches the Life, Liberties, or Property, of any Person or Persons in the said Dominions; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves and their Fellow-Subjects entitled to the Rights of natural Justice, and to the Common Law of

England,'as their unalienable Birthright; that they apprehend it to be an inviolable Rule of natural Justice, that no Man shall be condemned unheard; and that, according to Law, no Person or Persons can be judged without being called upon to answer, and being permitted to hear, the Evidence against them, and to make their Defence; and that it is therefore with the deepest Sorrow they tinderstand that the House is now about td pass a Bill, to punish with unexampled Rigour the Town of Boston, for a. Trespass committed by some Persons unknown upon the Property of the East India Company, without the said Town’s being apprized of any Accusation brought against them, or having been permitted to hear the Evidence, or to make their Defence; and that the Petitioners conceive such Proceeding to be directly repugnant to every Principle of L^vy and Justice; and that, under such a Precedent, no Man, or Body of Men, in America, could enjoy a Moment’s Security; for if Judgment be immediately to

VOL.34.

follow efri Accusation against the People of;

supported even byPerfoiVs hotoriously ht Enmity‘with them, the Acculed, unacquainted with the Charge, and, from the Nature of their Situation, utterly incapable of answering and defending themselves, every Fence against false Accusation will be pulled down, Justice will no longer be their Shield, nor Innocence an Exemption from Punishment; and representing to the House, that tfee Law in America ministers Redress for any Injuriessustained there; and they Cam most truly affirm, that tt is administered'in that Country with as much Impartiality as in any other Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; in Proof of this, they appeAl to art Instance of great Notoriety, in wh'ich, under cVery' Circumstanee that could exasperate the People, and disturb t he Courfd’ of Justice, Captain Prejlim-and his Soldiers had a fair

Trial, and favourable Verdict; while the due Course of Law holds out Redress for any Injury sustained ip America, they apprehend the Interposition of Parliamentary Power to be full of QSnger, and without any Precedent; if the Persons who committed this Trfc^pass; are known, then theiEdfl-T-ndra Company have their Remedy against them at Law; rif they are uriknowh, the Petitioners canribt comprehend by 'what’Rule' of justice the ToW^'cdn be punHhcd for a Ciril Injury committed by Perlbfii not-known to belong to diem; -and the Pc-tittoriirs conoitve, tffiatJlH.e'reds hoi ari Instance, cvch in the most arbitrary Times, rnJ which a t?ity' was Jtu n i th eel by Parliamentary Authority; without beiheard, for a Civil Offence not cinimitted'ih their Turifdfftton, and without Redress haying* been1 fertSght ai'O&mriiori Law’: The Cafes which they have hwiri aclduc^ ai^diTeiftly against it that of the K.ih^rdgamftctHe:;iCTiy wa i for a Murder commitfedhvithih -its*1 Walls, ‘ by its Citizens; in open Day; bui e\feh-tlien,';afbrtraty as the Times were, the Tridl Was 'public in afC6tirt' of Common Law, the Party heard, arid tile! LAw'Hii^;down, by the Judges was, Tthat :it'wad-ari Offence tit- this - Ch.mm.bn Law to suffer such a Crirnd^to-bi committed Tri 'a wal jecl Town Tempore dmrm%-Ajitl aiorie of the OffenScrS' to ‘be

known or indicted;‘tire Cafe- of Elfinb'ihrgh^ in'- Which Parliament did mteTpose,''was the CommitHum of! an atrocious Murder within her <^ate$,^ants an Overt Act of High Treafoh, inj exectitrUg,' against the expjefs Will"of the Crown. the 'KTng’s l:aWS‘; ‘it is observable, that these Cities had, by ChatterJ‘the whole executive Power within themselves; To that a Faihtfej of Justice necessarily ensued from the Connivance; in bptli Cafes, however, full Time wjs allowed them to discharge their Duty, and they were heard in their Defetfee; but neither has Time been allowed in this Cafe; stor is the Accused heard; nor is a walled Tdwh, hor

was the Fast committed within it; nor is the Executive Power in their Hands, as it is in those ’or London anil Edinburgh; on the contrary, the Governor* himself holds that Power, and has been advised by His Majesty’s Counsel to carry it into Execution; uf has-been he-glefted, he alone isanswerable; if ifhas been executed, perhaps ar this Instant, while: Pupiftlmeot is instifting here on those who have not been legally tried, the due Course of Law is operating the re, to the Discovery and Prosecution of the real Offenders'; and the Pdtrtioiiers think themselves bound to declare to the House, that they apprehend, a Proceeding of excessive Rigour and Injustice will link deep in the Minds of their Countrymen, and tend to alienate their Affeftioas JYpm this Country; and that the Attachment of cannot

survive the Justice of Great Britain; and that, if they fee a different Mode of Trial established for them, spd for the People of this Country, a- Mode which violates the sacred Principles of Natural Justice, it must be productive of National Distrust, and extinguish those filial Feelings of Respect and Affection which have hitherto attached them to the Parent State; urged therefore by every Motive of Affection to both Countries, by the most earned Delire, not only to preserve their own

7 N Rights,

Boston (America) Port and Cuiiom-hoofe.

2$° Mar tit. A. 1774.

Rights, and those of their Countrymen, but to prevent the Dissolution of that Love, harmony, and Confidence, between the Two Countries, which was their mutual Blessing and Support; Beseech the House not to pass the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill for the immediate Removal of the Officers concerned in the Collection and Management of His Majesty’s Duties of Customs, from the Town of Boston, in the Province of Bay, in North

America; and to discontinue the Landing and Discharging. Lading and Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the said Town of Boston, or within the Harbour thereof;

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out the Clause beginning in Pr. 8. 1. 30. and ending in Pr. 9. 1. last, as follows;

" And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever it shall be made to appear, to " His Majesty in His Privy Council, that Peace and " Obedience to the Laws shall be so far restored in the " laid Town of Boston, that the Trade of Great Britain " may lafely be carried on there, and His Majesty’s "Customs duly collected, and His Majesty in His " Privy Council shall adjudge the same to be true, it " shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Proclamation or Order of Council, to assign and appoint the " Extent, Bounds, and Limits, of the Port or Harbour " of Boston, and of every Creek pr Haven within the " fame, or in the Wands \yithin the Precincts thereof; " and also tp. assign and appoint such and so many " Open -.Places, Quays, and Wharfs, within the said V Harbour,; Creeks, Havens, and Islands, for the " Landingj Discharging, Lading, and Shipping, of " Goods, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall " judge necessary and expedient; and also to appoint " such and so many Officers of the Customs therein, as " His Majesty shall think fit; after which it shall be " lawful for any Person or Persons to lade or put off "from, or. to discharge and land upon, such Wharfs, "Quays, and Places, so appointed within the said " Harbour, and none other, any Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize whatever: Provided always, That if " any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be laden " or put off from, or discharged or landed upon, any " other Place than the Quays, Wharfs, or Places, so to

be appointed, the fame, together with the Ships, " Boats, and other Vessels, employed therein, and the " Horses or other Cattle, and Carriages, used to convey the fame, and the Person or Persons concerned or " assisting the rein, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, shall suffer all the Forfeitures and " Penalties imposed by this or any other Act, on the " illegal shipping or landing of Goods."

And the Question being put. That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

" To leave out from the Beginning of the Clause in Pr. 9. Llaft, to the Word " " in Pr. 10.1. 26.

as follows;

" Provided also, and it is hereby Declared and " Enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend " or be construed to enable His Majesty to appoint " such Port, Harbour, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, Places, " or Officers, in the said Town of ,or in the " said Bay or Islands, until it shall sufficiently appear " to His Majesty, that full Satisfaction hath been made

7

" by or on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Town " of Boston, to the United Company of Merchants " of England trading to the East Indies, for the Damage " sustained by the said Company, by the Destruction " of their Goods sent to the said Town of Boston, on " board certain Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, and until " it shall be certified to His Majesty in Council, by the " Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Pro-

vince, that reasonable Satisfaction hath been made " to the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue, and others,

" who fullered by the Riots and Insurrections abovementioned, in the Months of N.";

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. I. 26. After " November" to insert " and." -1. 27. After " December" to inlert " " in the " Year 1773;" and after " and" to " insert " in the Month of," and to leave out " last;" and after "

" rnary " to insert " in the Year " 1774-"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, and for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town; and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Massachusets Bay, in North America.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this Hou^e will, at the Riling of the Adjomont House tills Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, , being read; <* H"fc

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* *nd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Fltznaurice's to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, p’*ntatioa upon the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plan- ates* tation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purports therein mentioned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ‘Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And

14 Geo. III. 250 — 28 597

And the House being told by Mf. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Mdnday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lurtce, 2 8° Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Basingstoke a BILL to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Mullens ma<^e the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

Pond, Sec. King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road*. Road from Basingstoke, through Overton,

church, Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Comer, in the Parish of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts-, for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Bottom,

and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and all'o the Road through the said Town of Bajingfioke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wilsford An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Hare do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sleaford Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Navigation, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Your Committee called Mr. James Creajfy, an Engineer; who produced a Plan of a River intended to be made navigable from the Castle Causeway, through Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, to join the River Wit ham, at or near Chapel Hill, the Length of which is rather more than 12 Miles, 2 Miles and an Half of which are already made navigable. And being asked, What will be the Expence of making the River capable of carrying Vessels of 20 Tons Burthen ? he said, It will cost about

£.6,000. And being asked. Whether the River is capable of being made navigable? he said, It is. And being asked, Whether the adjoining Lands will be injured by its being made navigable ? he said, By the necessary scouring and deepening the River, and forming the * Earth arising therefrom into Banks, it will

Vol. 34.

render the adjoining Lands much more secure from Floods, which now frequently happen there and do great Damage. And being asked. Whether the Mills will receive any Damage ? he said, He presumed not; that they are not to be meddled with, and only the waste Water taken for the Purposes of the Navigation; that the Course of the Mill Streams is to be deserted, and the Old River followed. And being asked,

Whether the Course of the Old River is to be deserted any where ? he said. Yes, in Two Places; one near Sleaford, in order to avoid several little Turns in the River; the other a little above Flax Dike, for the Purpose of avoiding the Mill Stream. And being asked.

What Advantages will accrue to the Public from the carrying of the above Scheme into Execution ? he said, „

It will furnish an easy and cheap Conveyance for the Produce of the Country, and the Returns of Coal and other heavy Commodities, and will also open a Communication with Boston and Lincoln, and from thence into the River Trent. And being asked. Whether he had made any Calculation of the Sum likely to arile by the Tonnage on the River ? he said. He had; and that, if laid at One Shilling per Ton, he is of Opinion the Amount will be about £. 500 a Year.

Mr. Robert Bankes, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect to the Utility and Practicability of the Scheme, and the Sum likely to arise by the Tonnage; and added, that the Money necessary for executing the Plan will be easily raised at legal Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable a certain Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of New Sleaford, in the county of ,

to the River Witham, near Chapel Hill, in the said County: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. cotts, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whofn Birmingham the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution to Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Wanrnngtoo, Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth Road*, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money, or have Money due to them, upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Greemvay, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 5,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls upon the District of Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington; but that the Roads within the said District cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money repaid, Unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are enlarged, so far as they relate to the said District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of King the

Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County

j§

598 a8° Martii. A. 1774.

County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and fb on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid: And that Mr. Skip-with and Mr. Methuen do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Foleshitl Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to lndofore. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Foleshill, in the County of the City of Coventry: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hat Sir Harbord Harbtnrd reported from the Committee, Manufacture, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twen-tions^&c" Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed " by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, ". and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, " Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, " Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combi nations of Journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen f*. Hotpreflers, and of all Persons employed in the said " several Manufactures; and for the better Payment " of their Wages," was committed; That the Committee faa<J gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kingdom Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom Ale and Beer the Bill to continue an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of the Duties. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kingdom, and Liberties thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Provost and Bailiffs, and remenent Linen Trade. Members, of the Town Council of the Borough of (Dumfries.) Dumfries, and of several others subscribing. Manufacturers of Linen Yarn and Linen Cloth, within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and Setting forth. That the Spinning of Yarn, for supplying the Manufacturers in England, is much decrcafed, and must be entirely given up, unless some Measur is adopted for the Support of that Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the same under Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as they shall judge most expedient, for the Relief of the Linen. Manufacture in this Country.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Mixed Broad

Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of -York: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of White Broad Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Worsted Stuffs, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Committee is appointed to enquire into the present distressed State of the Linen Manufactures'of Britain and Ireland-, and likewise complaining of the Decline of the said Manufacture: And praying the House to take their Cafe, and the same of their distressed Servants, into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves, to set forth the Truth of their Condition and Circumstances, and against any Measure which . may be proposed to Parliament, tending to add to their Distresses, if such should be.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Excheq«e* made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session BiU5* of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1773."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

4

To

i4 Geo. III.

28" Martii.

599

. t

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year 1773."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million 6f Pounds.

Edw* Wilford.

Exchequer, the d8th Day of March 1774;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table} to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Warmingtoa Sir William Dolben prefehted to the House, according Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of

Northampton: And the same was received) and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Heapham A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Indofare. an(j Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cotts. Lord Brownlow Bertie,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hull A Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or

on> &c* Wharfs, in the Port of Hull , for the better l'ecuring His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason or Dock, with ltefervoirs. Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Land* belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 12th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Glasgow An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Rouk. Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of the' Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through , to that Part

VOL. 34.

of the Water of Kelvine, called The Milnford of Garfcubli was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title \

be, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the loth and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called of Garf- . cube.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonjione do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delife their Concurrence.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Or- wheat-meal, der, a Bill'to allow the Exportation of a limited Quan- c. tity of Wheat-meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, Pease, Beans, (Hudson* Malt, and Biscuit, to Hudson’s Bay, in North America, fdr

the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants refuling the re: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Giiife reported from the Committee, to Tewkefoury whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed in and by 0 °* *

an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 29th "y ear of the Reig^r of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury,

" to Coxcomb Gate, and from Isabel's Elm to the Top of Gotherington Hill, in the County of , and

" from Tewkesbury to a Farm House, called The Old " Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of

" Ripple, and to Simmonds Ford and from

" Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and " to the Road opposite to Elftone Church, and Irom the " Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road " from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pewfdon " Ash, in the said County of Glouceftfo far as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, was referred -, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House > and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

7 O livered

by

Sail Cloth. (Linen Trade.)

Ditto.

o

Atrfc Caklder Navigation.

The Queen congratulated

606

atf* Ma

'<A. 1^741

livered it ia at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Edward Timbrell, Tre^fi&irer so the TJrttftees, produced to Your Committee a Book of Receipts and Disbursements upon the said Second DifiriSl, whereby it appeared, that all the Money received has been expended; and the WifndV said* There is now du^ upon Mortgage upwards of £.too, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads completely repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

And he further said, That the Road from the Turnpike Road opposite Elftone to the Turnpike Road fit)m Cirencester to G, at or near a Place called Comb End Beeches, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; but if the same was made Turnpike Road, it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Townof Tewkejbttry, in the County of as relates to the Second Dtfirid of Roads therein mentioned j and to amend the Road from Elftone Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester: And that Sir Wi Guise and Mr. South-well do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of made Sail Cloth

exported to Ireland, From Great Britain, since Christmas *755» with the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, since Christ distinguishing

the Quantities imported in each Year,

A Motion was made. That the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making " and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder,

" in the County of York;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal from the said River Air, at or near Haddlejey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Henry Baines, James Smyth, Thomas Feme, and Armitage, who

petitioned this House upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard by their Counsel on their said Petition;

The said Rill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir George Savile, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Cor.imittee are to have Voices.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Message be sent to the Queen, on the joyful Occasion of the Birth of another Prince, and on Her Majesty’s happy Recovery; and to allure Her Majesty of the most zealous and dutiful Attachment of this House.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Carmarthen, General Irwine, Mr. Norton, the Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr, Dundas, Mr. Cooper, Sir James

Collier?,

&c.

(Scotland.)

Election

Laws.

Hockerton,

&c.

Roads*

Cottmoore

Inclosure.

Pennyman, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Conway, and the Lord Guernsey, do attend Her Majesty, with the said Message.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, federal Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Cod Hers, Coal-bearers,

and Salters: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Alexander Gilmour, and Mr. Edmouftone, do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

Ordered, That, a Committee be. appointed to consider of the Laws now in being, relative to the Election or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a- Committee was appointed, of Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Montagu, See.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture, or Waste Ground, called Cottmoore and such Part of the Common Pasture, or Waste Ground, called Radley, as lies within the Districts of Southwell and in

the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Weji in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parsonage Impropriate of Suning, otherwise S, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene, and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the fame, so charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Selzvyn reported from the Committee, to whom Keck’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name, enable the honourable Henrietta Charlotte Keck, Spinster, and her Issue, to take, use, and' bear, the Surname and Arms of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sehvyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Merchants, Bankers, and Traders,

2 of

West

Keal

Inclosure.

Suntog

Rectory and Parsonage.

Ayr Bank and Annuities.

Ditto.

American Colonies. (M attach u-setts Bay Government)

14 Geo. III.

28" — 29"

60 i

of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending, for enabling the Bank of to circulate /. 500,000 under the Authority of Parliament, in Bonds of f. 50 each, negociable to all Intent^ and Purposes like Exchequer Bills or East India Bonds, and bearing Interest after the Rate of Five per Cent, per Annum; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be highly injurious to the trading Part of this Country, and depreciate the Value of the National Funds: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as renders the said Bonds, bearing Five per Cent. Interest, negociable like Exchequer Bills or East India Bonds.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill for carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the Most noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Molt noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in (no Counsel appearing for the Bill.)

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East , which was presented to the House upon Friday last, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard*

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{The Lord Advocate of)

Scotland, > 176,

Mr. Charles James Fox:)

T=I.e*for,h

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the Most noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Most noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the

Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company." Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence.

C

Resolved, That this House will* immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday, the 7th Day of this Instanf March, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th and n.th Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command,

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That fefty had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee Vol. 34.

to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the MaJJ'achufetts Bay in North America,

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly. . \ .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachusetls Bay-, in North America: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Rice, Mr.

Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. T

Sir Charles Whitworth al so acquain tedtheHouse, That w

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Message and Papers.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Heaphara concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Heain the County of Lincoln, which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed,

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Fitzmamtee'* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Plantation upon the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plan- Eftatt* tation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, To-tiiotrow Morning, Prisoneri resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Gaol "1 to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That: this House will, upon Tomorrow Linen Trade, Fortnight, the 12th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into theipresent State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland*.

And then the ' House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2 9° die Martii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*’1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers,

ABIL L for dividing and inclosing the Open fields, Tetney Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and other Indofnre. Common and W&fte Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Linco, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-

low

602 29° Martii. A. 1774.

low Bertie, Mr. Amcotts&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wroqt Bid for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable ludaiwe. Fields Meadows, Pattures, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of ,in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Amcotts,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shoreditch Mr. Gafroyne reported from the Committee, to whom Wo*h.l£ufe Bill for the better Belief and Employment of the Tt ’ Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Alidd/efex-, and for building a Work-house; and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the life of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Ire true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second fime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest weie, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, 4)0 ingrafted.

Woollen Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Manufr&orj. whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory, was committed, be now taken into Consideration.

Tire House accordingly proceeded to -take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sower by Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House, accord-ludolure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Field, called Sowerby Town Field, a Stinted Pasture, called Ox Moor, and a Common, or Moor, called South Moor, within the Township of Sowerby, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kimboiton The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Roadt, whom the Petition of the Trustees of an Act of Par-&c‘ liament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road, from the North End " of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of " Huntingdon, through Kimboiton and Highatn " to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the " County of Northampton, and from the Pound in " Kimboiton, to the Way Poll in Great Field,

" near fyington Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his l’lace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Edward Billett, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That they have borrowed the Sum of £.2,050 on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged.

And the Witness said, That it will be necessary that the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane to the South End thereof, which is now' under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bigglefwadeto the Top of Alconbury Hill, and other Roads, in the County of Huntingdon, should be under !the Direction of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the Twenty-eighth of his late Majesty; and lie produced the Consent of the said former Trustees thereto: And further said. That it will also be necessary that the Road leading from Brown’s Lane aforesaid, to Wellingborough Bridge, should be carried through the Parish of Covington.

That Part of the Road, which leads from the South End of the Town of Kimboiton, through the Grounds of his Grace the Duke of Manchester, is subject to be overflowed for a considerable Space, and at such Times is very inconvenient and dangerous; but that such Inconvenience might be avoided by turning the Road through his Grace’s Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimboiton and Higham Ferers,

to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimboiton to the Way Poll in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of And

that the Lord Ludlow and the Lord do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Suning to subject and charge tire Rectory and Parlon ige Im- Rectory and propriate of Suning, otherwise Sonynge, in tire Counties Pwfonaja of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene, and his Successors, Deans of Surum; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the fame, so charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Barton, Sre. the Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and in- lndofur*. closing, the old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields,

Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton Bendish, or in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 74 Acres of Land in the said Parish, who made no Objection to the Bill, but refused to sign the fame; and that the whble of the Lands intended to be inclosed conlift of about 4,374 Acres; and that no ^|rfon appeared -

1

14 Geo. 111.

peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sfop*. A Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Bagging of Hops, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 18th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wheat-meal, A Bill to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity Kr®’ of Wheat-meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, Pease, Beans,

' Bay°) Malt, and Biscuit, to Bay, in North

for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing^ there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow MOrn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hereford A Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, Streets, the Streets and Lanes in the City of , and Sub-

°°r> c. urbs thereof5 ancJ removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for setting the poor People of . the said City to work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pownall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Titcombe A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

lacleiure. Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Titcombe otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of was read a Second

MV

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Folkestone, Mr. Lifer, And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clook, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carlton Sir George Scivile reported from the Committee, to Air ^Yo'ilc w^om t^ie Petition of Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, was shire.' referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Butler, being examined, said. That Mr. Stapleton is Owner of the Ferry for Horses and Carriages over the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York, which isihe nearest Communication between the City of York, the Market Towns of Selby,

and several other Towns in the said County, and the Market Towns of SnaiThorne, Doncaster, and try, in the said County, Gainsborough, and Lincoln, and is much frequented by Drovers and others; and is like-wile the only usual Way from Carlton to , within

Y0L.34.

603

which Parish Carlton is.situate, and to which the Inhabitants thereof have very frequent O.ccasion to relort, t.o| and from Church and Market: That the said Ferry is very frequently dangerous for Passengers, and fdmetimes impafiable, and is a great Inconvenience arid Hindrance to all Persons having Occasion to pass over the said Ferry; that if a Bridge was built over five said River, at or near as conveniently may be to the said Ferry, it would tend much to the Safety and Convenience of all Persons having Occasion to pass over the said River, and be of Public Utility. Then,

Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he is willing and desirous to erect such Bridge at his own Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Sir fames Pennyman, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Sir George Savile reported from the Comhiittee, to Carlton whom the Petition of Thomas Stapleton, Esquire, Lord camWeifbrtll of the Manors of Carlton and Camblesforth, in the several inclosure Parishes of Snaith and Dr ax, in the West Riding of the and County of York, and of the several other Persons whose Drainage. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Estates, within, and belonging to, the several Towmships or Territories of Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid; and all or so much of the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Dr ax, Langrick otherwise Long Dr ax. Bai-low, and Burn, in the said County of York, as drain through a certain Gowt or Clough near thereto, called Lendill otherwise Lane End Gowt, or Clough, or which may receive Benefit by such Drainage, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Butler, being examined, said, That there are, within, and belonging to, the Manors and Townships or Territories of Carlton and Camblesforth, several Open Fields, containing about 350 Acres, and certain Marshes, containing about 180 Acres; that the Lands of the several Proprietors lie intermixed, and are inconveniently situated; that there is also a Common, called Camblesforth Common, containing about 600 Acres, and several other small Commons and Waste Grounds belonging to Carlton and Camblesforth aforesaid; which Lands and Grounds, as well in Carlton and Camblesforth, as in Dr ax, Langrick, Barlow, and Burn, or great Part thereof, are subject to be overflowed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields and Grounds in Carlton and Camblesforth were divided and inclosed, and the several Lands and Grounds in Dr ax, Langrick, Barlow, and Burn, were drained, which they are very capable of, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors thereof, and be of Publto Utility.

Ordered, Tlmt Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Marshes,

Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Townships of Carlton and Camblesforth, in the County of York, and for draining the fame, and certain other Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Dr ax, Barlow, and Burn, in the said County: And thit Sir George Savile, Sir James Pennyman, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according tef Walpol. Order, a Bill for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and Salt Marfo allotting, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called Bt 0 M*

7 P The

ip° Maftii.

.664 ao° Martii. . 1774*

Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hull " A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Wakefield, Clerk* Port and William Stephenson the Y ounger, William John

H-hour. Eaton, and George MaGentlemen, being a Committee appointed by Order of the Trustees impowered to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, lately made and passed, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton Ganjlead, and certain other Places, in in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of the said Atts, upwards of £.20,000 has been already laid out in improving and draining the said Low Grounds and Carrs, which have been nearly effected; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for establishing lawful Quays, or Wharfs, at the Port of Hull, for the shipping and landing Goods and Merchandize, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pals into a I^w, and any of the said Quays, or Wharfs, be built contiguous to, or adjoining upon, any Part of the River as now intended, that the said River will thereby be so much contracted and obstructed, that the Drainage of the above-mentioned Low Grounds and Carrs will be greatly injured, and rendered incffectual: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Part thereof as they apprehend will so materially affect their Interest as aforesaid; and that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises as the Merits of their same may require, and the House shall think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Beverley, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, and also of William , and Richard

Savage Lloyd, Esquires, and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Low Grounds and Carrs, lying contiguous to, and on each Side of, the River Hull, in the East Riding of the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of Two Acts, made for the draining and improving the said Low Grounds and Carrs on the East Side of the said River,

£. 20,000 or upwards have been already laid out, for effecting the Purposes of the said respective Acts; but that it hath been found, by Experience, the same cannot be completed, or effectually carried into Execution, without further Powers be given for widening and deepening the said River, and removing the several Incroachments and Obstructions therein; for which Purposes, the Petitioners have lately applied to, and obtained Leave from, the House, to bring in a Bill, by which Bill all the Low Grounds and Carrs on the West Side of the said River, as well as on the East, containing together, by Computation, more than 40,000 Acres, are intended also to be drained and improved; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making and establishing legal Quays or Wharfs, in the Port of King/lon upon Hull, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, as the Petitioners have been informed, besides the said public or legal Quays proposed to be made on the North Side of the said Town, some of the Merchants of the said Town are to be thereby authorized, and do intend, to erect Sufferance Quays in Hull Haven, on the West Side of the said River, contiguous to their respective Staiths or Warehouses, to project Fifteen Feet further into the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, such additional Projection from the said Staiths or Warehouses, all or most of which have t>een built, and are now Incroachmfents, upon the said River, will create such an Obstruction near the Mouth or Utterance of the said River (through which all the Waters from the said Low Grounds and Carrs are to pass into the River Humber) that it will, as the Petitioners ate advised, defeat and render ineffectual the Purposes of rite said intended Drainage, and consequently will be highly prejudicial to the Estates and Interests of all the Petitioners in the said Low Grounds and Carrs j and that, as the same intended Sufferance Quays cannot, as the Petitioners apprehend, any ways improve, or tend to the Benefit of, the public Revenue, but are calculated only for the Convenience and private Emolument of some few of the Merchants in the said Town: Therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law: but that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the House, against such Parts thereof as will so affect the Estates and Interests of the said Petitioners, by making or erecting any such Sufferance or private Quays in the Haven or Mouth of the said River Hull; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the Nature of their same may require, and to the House may seem just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered Jo be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Re-forvoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels uling the said.

Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, is committed: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, the Owner Air and Proprietor of certain Coal Mines, or Collieries, and Calder within the Township of Middleton, near Leeds, in the Navigation. County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath, at a very great Expence, opened, and is now working, the Coal Mines within his Estate, lying in the said Township, as well for supplying with Coal the Town of Leeds, and its Neighourhood, as also for supplying with Coal, by Means of the Navigation of the River Air, the City of York, and divers other Places; and that the Petitioner hath made a Rail Road, for the Carriage of his Coal, from the Colliery within his said Estate, to the River Air, at or near a Place called Gate,

within the Township of Hwtjlet, where he hath erected a Coal Wharf, or Staith, for the shipping or loading of Coal; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, on Behalf of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Calder, in the County of York, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable them as well to extend and make all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, as to complete and support a Cut from the River Air, in or near the Township of Had-dlefey, to the River Ouze, in or near the Township of Selby, in the said County; and the Petitioner is informed, that the said Petition has been referred to a

Committee;

fs-G-J

14 Geo. III. 2Q° Mar til 605

Committee; and that under the Idea of making all necessary Improvements in the Navigation of the said Rivers, several collateral new Navigable Cuts of considerable Extent are proposed to be made through the adjacent Lands; and, amongst others, that One of the said new Cuts is proposed to be made, near One Mile in Length, upon the North East Side of the said River Air, of polite to the Petitioner’s said Coal Wharf, or Staith; and representing to the House, that the said River Air, up to the said Coal Wharf, or Staith, is a very bad and imperfect Navigation, occasioned by Shoals, and other Impediments; and that, if the said Navigable Cut is made opposite to the said Coal Wharf, or Staith, it will divert so considerable a Quantity of the Water, which now flows down the said River, as will be very injurious to the Navigation thereof to and from the said Coal Wharf, or Staith, and be in other Respects highly prejudicial to the Petitioner: And therefore-praying, That lie may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said intended Bill; and that if it shall be thought necessary to make any Improvements to the said Navigation, that the said Undertakers and their Successors may be compelled to continue and improve the natural Course of the Channel or Bed of the said River; and that no new Cut may be made opposite to the Petitioners said Coal Wharf, or Staith, whereby the Navigation of the said River Air to and from the same may be prejudiced; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration, of the Commitee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the ioth and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping navigable the " Rivers of Air and Ca, in the County of York;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from W".eland, to the River Ouze; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard; by himself or his Counsel, before the said Committee; upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker, .

Haefeler The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and Erich’s for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haefeler and John Erich; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Baumgart- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ner’sNat. for naturalizing Jacob Julien; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Burnand’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for k'at- naturalizing Paul Burnand; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Hoffham The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for and Hane’s naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholaas Hane; to Nat. which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, '

Eggers’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat.; naturalizing Gitjlav Nicolaus Eggers; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

'' And then the Messengers withdrew.

Haefeler The House proceeded to take into Consideration the and Erich’s Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ^at’ An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Joachim Haefeler and John Erich. ' -

' ' VOL. 34.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fob loweth; viz.

Pr. 3. At the End of the Bill i-nfort the following Proviso:

" Provided also, and be it Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid, That in " case the said Nicholas Joachim Haefeler,

" or the said John Erich, shall hereafter " reside within the Empire of Russia, they " shall not thereby be entitled to any Privileges which in the said Empire belong, or are allowed to His Majesty’s " natural-born Subjects, nor shall be " deemed British Subjects, by virtue of " this Act, in respect to any commercial,

" or other Advantages whatsoever, in the " laid Empire, during the Time of their " Residence there."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Bau,1J|^ner's the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing Jacob Julien " gartner."

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. At the End of the Bill insert the following Proviso:

" Provided also, and be it Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That lie the said Jacob Julien Baumgartner, in case " he shall hereafter reside within the Erapire of Russia, shall not hereby be entitled to any Privileges which in the said Empire belong, or are allowed to " His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects,

" nor shall be deemed a British Subject, by virtue of this Act, in reIpeft to any commercial, or other Actvantage whatsoever, in the said Era*

" pire, during the Time of his Residence " there."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That t lie re be laid before this House, An Exports Account of the total Value of all Exports from an<* ^mPort* England to Germany and Holland, and of all the Imports from Germany and Holland to England, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating Madheufes, was Madhouses, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating Madhouses.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Prisoner* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Healihan to consider further of the Bill for the more effectually ^aols* securing the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

606 29° — 30°

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

> Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Medows’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Name. to enable John Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, uie, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald, Widow, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Radnor’* for confirming an Agreement between William Earl of (Seagrave* Radnor, and the President and Fellows of Queen's

Advtwfon.) College, Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of for the Advow-

son of Great Ckiverel, in the County of to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

Pitto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between Earl

of Radnor, and the President and Fellows of Queen's College, Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson of Great Chiverel, in the County of IViits, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fitzmaurice’* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ffft, at,on *° re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House,

E ate‘ upon the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had heard Aboan Fitzmaurice in Support of his Petition; and had examined several Witnesses; and made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 12th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bank Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

ef night, the 14th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Scotland. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Lalekm Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosare. Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham,

in the Counties of Mid and Surrey, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 14th Day of 11 April next.

Martii. 1774.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- CpUon^j6f ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Barbara Counted Dowager of Powis-, in Behalf of the Right honourable George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her Son, now an Infant, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP11 Regis, i 774.

Pa a y f r s.

Mil. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according Oxenton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the lncl°fu'c-Open and Common Fields, Hills, Meadows, Pastures,

Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Pari fit of Oxenton, in the county of : And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Tonge reported from the Committee, to saint Antin’*

whom the Petition of Dame Elizabeth Saint the Laafa’g-

Widow and Relict of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, deceased, on Behalf, and as Guardian, of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, her only Son, an Infant, and of Sir John Molesworth, Baronet, in Behalf of himself,

and of William Molesworth, his only Son, an Infant,

was referred; That tire Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report; a State therepf to the House and he read the Report- in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the farije was read -, and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It appeared by the Will of Sir William Morice,

Baronet, that he gave his Manors and Estate at

Damarell, in the County of Devon, to Trustees, for

Two hundred Years, upon Trust, that they should,

by the Rents and Profits, or by Sale or Mortgage,

raile and pay One Moiety of such Debts, Legacies,

and Annuities, as his personal Estate would not extend

to pay; and subject thereto be gave the same Estate unto

his Nephew, Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, for his Life,

with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent

Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons

of the said Sir John Saint Afucccflively, in

Tale Male; Remainder to his the Testator’s Nephew,

John Molesworth, Esquire (now Sir John Molesworth,

Baronet) with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male successively, with like Remainder to William Molesworth, and his First and other Sons; and with Remainder or Reversion to the Use of Testator’s own right Heirs for ever; with a Proviso, or Declaration, that all and every Person or Persons, who should be seised of the said Premises, by virtue of his Will, might, by Deed or Writing, executed as therein is mentioned, demise such of the Premises, which at, the Time of his Death had been usually demised, upon Fines for Twenty-one Years, or for Life or Lives of One, Two, or Three, Persons, or for any Number of Years, determinable on the Death of One, Two, or Three, Persons, so as such Leases be made diipun.lhable of Waste, and in the Manner therein mentioned.

And it appeared, by the Evidence of Mr. John Gawler, that the said Sir William Morice died soon after

making

14 Geo. III. 1 30 0 Martii.607

making his Will, and thereupon the said Sir John Purchase, were out Upon Lease to John for

Saint Aubyn became feiled of the Premises for his 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, and that Two

Life. are now in Being.

Then several Leases were produced, whereby it ap- And the said Mr. Gawler said. Sir John Saint Aubyn peared, that a Part of the Premises had been usually left One Son only, nor Sir John Saint , who is an leased to the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Infant of about 16 Years of Age; and that he' is now Navy, for the Use of His Majesty, by the said Sir William become seised of the Lands as Tenant in Tail in Pof-Morice, for Twenty-one Years, at the Yearly Rent of fession: — And that the said William is dead

£. 100. 5*. renewable forever, at the End of every Seven without Issue Male; and that Sir John Molesworth is Years, on paying a Fine of £.300; and that the above living, and hath Issue only One Son, named1 William Lease had been renewed by the said Sir John Saint Aubyn, , now an Infant; and that the Officers of the

and the first Seven Years of the last Term granted, ex- Navy and Ordnance had respectively applied to renew pired at Lady Day 1769. their Leases so granted as aforesaid; and that the Officers

And Leases were also produced, shewing, that other of the Ordnance had also renewed their Treaty for the

Part of the Premises had been demised, in like Manner, Purchase of the Land for the Use of His Majesty. And

to the principal Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance, for he further said, That the renewing such Leases, and car-the Use of His Majesty, for 21 Years, at the Yearly Rent rying such Contraft for Sale into Execution, and also of £. 11. 17 s.6 d.renewable every Seven Years, on the granting such Lease pursuant to the said Articles, paying of a Fine of £.35. 12 s.6 d.and that the would be for the Benefit of the Infant, yet the now Sir

' first Seven Years of the last Lease granted, expired at John Saint Aubyn, the Son, is unable to doit without the Lady Day 1769. Aid of Parliament.

Then certain Articles were produced, dated 16th Fe* That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, bruary 1765, made between the said Sir John Saint Aubyn, to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of and the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Majesty’s Navy, whereby the said Sir John Saint Aubyn Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Ply* agreed to apply for an Act of Parliament to enable him mouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of to grant other Part of the Estate to the principal Officers His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And that and Commissioners of the Navy, for the Use of His Sir George and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring

Majesty, upon the like Covenants as in the former in, the fame.

Leases granted.

Then an Act was produced, which passed in the Sir Cheering, according to Order, reported

Year 1766, intituled, "An Act to enable the principal from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the " Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy Bill for the more effectually securing the Health of " to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agree- Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, was comment made for a Lease of Ground for the Improve- mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had *r ment of His Majesty’s Dock near Plymouth and made to the Bill; and which they had directed him thereby the said Sir John Saint Aubyn was enabled to to report to the House; and he read the Report in his make a Lease for Twenty-one Years of the Premises Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the therein mentioned, at the Yearly Rent of£.60, payable Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the at the Times therein mentioned, and renewable in like Report was read.

Manner. And the House being informed,' that several other

And it appeared, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Gawler, that no Lease had been granted in pursuance Bill;

of the said Act. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

It also appeared, by the Evidence of Dionifius Wil- Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Hams, that the said principal Officers and Commissioners Select Committee.

of His Majesty’s Navy are now in Pofiession of the And a Committee was appointed of Sir Thomas said Lands, and that no Rent has been paid for the Clavering, Lord Folkestone, &c.: And they are to meet fame. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

And it alfp appeared, by the Evidence of the said Chamber; and all who come tQ the Committee are to Mr. Gawler, that the principal Officers of His have Voices.

Majesty’s Ordnance had applied to the said Sir John

Saint Aubyn, in his Life Time, to purchaso, for the Mr. Milles reported from the Committee, to whom Use of His Majesty, certain Parcels of Ground, other the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Part of the said Estate, for the Enlargement of His for veiling the Estate late of William Watts, Esquire, Majesty’s Gun Wharf, and for building Magazines, called South Hill, or Fisher's Lodge, in the County of and for a Road and other Purposes; but before the Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Terms were fixed upon, the said Sir John Saint Aubyn Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another died. Estate to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was com-

Then the Probate of the Will of the said Sir John mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Saint Aubyn was produced; and thereby it appeared gations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that he had appointed his Wife, and also Sir Richard that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet, Reginald Pole, and the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and William Wingfield, Esquires, Executors and Guardians that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to his Children, until their Age of 21 Years. to the House, without any Amendment; and he deli-

lt appeared, by the Evidence of the said John vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Gawler, that the said Reginald Pole, and William And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Wingfield, both died in the Life Time of Sir John Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Saint Aubyn. Ordered, That Mr. Milles do carry the Bill to the

And it appeared, by the Probate of the Will of the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed said Sir John Saint Aubyn, that Dame Elizabeth Saint to the fame, without any Amendment.

Aubyn proved the Win. *'

And it appeared, by an Instrument, that the said Sir Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Richard Warwick Bampfylde had renounced the Execu- Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for torship, and also the Guardiaqftup of the Children; — putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, made and that a Part of the Lands, fa under Treaty for the and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Vql, 34. 7 Q George

Prifotiei-s Health in Gaols*

Watts’s

Estate.

Rtlbount#

Roads*

litizecKby v

6o8 30 0 Martii, 1774.

George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's round to Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

Air A Petition of Sir Lionel Pi/kington, Baronet, was

and Calder pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Navigation. a £j|| js depending, to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Calder, in the County of and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioner is Owner of a Corn Mill near the Head of One Branch of the Navigation of the said Rivers, and of Two other Corn Mills, one at Horbury, and the other at New Miller Dean, and of a very valuable Soke thereto belonging, all which are of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of that Part of the County; and the Pe-/ titioner is also Owner of several other Mills, used for

Fulling and Napping or Friezing of Cloth, and are of great Consequence to the Woollen Manufacture, and make a considerable Part of the Petitioner’s Estatej and that the said Bill gives many very extraordinary Powers to the Undertakers of the said Navigation, which are not in the Act of King William, and which may hereafter be very prejudicial to the Petitioner, and materially injure his said Mills, and endanger the total Loss of his ancient and very valuable Soke: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Property; and that such Provision may be made, for rest raiding the said Undertakers from doing any Thing to th. Prejudice of the Petitioner, as the Koufe shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, Thar the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping navigable the " Rivers of Air and Calder, in the County of York ;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland, to the River; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, is committed; and that, the Petitioner be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

EggeiV# An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Gujlav Nicolaus Eggers, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Woollen An ingossed Bill for the more effectual preventing Manufactory. Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory.. was read the Third Time.

Rejihed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory.

Ordered, That Mr. Southzvell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wheat-meal, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Oats, &c. to resolve iself into a Committee of the whole House, ^a1*)1''* upon Biii to allow the Exportation of a limited

*y'' Quantity of Whent-meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley,

Peai'e, Beans, Mr.lt, and Biscuit, to Bay, in

North America, for the Benefit of the Hudsons Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The 11 ouse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Frederick Montagu accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Shoreditch ment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, X°°tifD<r Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex and for building or °ne‘ a Workhouse; and for purchasing a Piece of Land fora Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parifla, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex-, and for building a Workhouse; and for purebafing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, Private who were appointed to consider of proper Rules and Bill*. Regulations, to be observed by Persons applying to (Raleaand this House for Private Bills, and to report their Kegulttiom) Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi's Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this House, for inclosing, draining, or ins-proving, any Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the Ch,urch Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such Lands, Fens, and Commons, dd lie, for Three Sundays, in the Month of Septemlei-, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented; and that Proclamation be made in open Court, at thp then next ensuing General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or District in which such Parish or Parishes lie, that such Notice hath been affixed, and that such Application is intended to be made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1 That after this Session. of Parliament, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, the Names of the Cons* missioners proposed to be appointed, and the Compensations intended for the Lord of the Manor, and the Owners o# Tithes, in lieu of their respective Rights, where any Bargains or Agreements have been made for such Compensations, be inserted in the Copy of the Bill presented to the House; and that all Copies of fufh Bills, whether, printed or written, which shall be 9 font

v-j£* -

14 Geo. III. 30° Martii. 609

sent to any of the Persons interested in the said Manor, Tithes, Lands, or Commons, for their Confept, do contain the Names of such proposed Comniiuioners, and also such intended Compensations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That before any Petition is presented to this House, for making a Turnpike Road, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be given at the General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be held for every and each County or District, through which such Road pafles, or is intended to pat's, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That this Notice be given, by affixing to the Door of the Sessions House, where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing the Parishes through which the said Road pafles, or is intended to pass, and by making Proclamation thereof in Open Court at the said Sessions; and that such Notice be also printed in some One Newspaper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed for that County, then in the Newspaper of the nearest adjoining County, Three Times, at least, in the Month of September immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is presented to this House for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation of a River, or for altering any Act of Parliament passed for either of those Purposes, there be presented, with such Petition, a Plan describing the Line of such intended Canal or Navigation, and the Lands through which the same is to be carried; and that previous Application be made to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, for their Assent to the proposed Canal or Navigation j and that separate Lists of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers be presented also with the said Petition; dif-. tinguishing which of them, on such Application, have' affcnted to, or difiented from, the said proposed Canal or Navigation, or are neuter in respect thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is presented to this House, for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation of a River, or for making a New Turnpike Road, or for railing any further Sum of Money for any of those Purposes, there be annexed to the said Petition, an Estimate . of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking, ligned. by the Person or Persons making the same; together with an Account of the Money subscribed for carrying the said Work into Execution, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the Sums respectively subscribed by them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That after this Session of Parliament, in all Bills for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation of a River, or for making a New Turnpike Road, there be inserted a Clause, compelling the Subscribers for carrying any such Work into Execution, to make Payment of the Sums severally subscribed by them.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Fortnight, the 15th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Private BUls. A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-(Rales and posed. That after this Session of Parliament, in all Bills Regulations.) for Inclosures, there be inserted a Claute, compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them

laid out and afiefled on the Parties concerned in the said Inclosures;

Vol. 34.

And a Debate arifingin the Ilonfe thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Fortnight, the 15th Day of April next.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Kingdom Twenry-fecend Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ateand Beer King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two uue>' Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, wilich shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be breived for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Hedon the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff's, and Burgesses, of the :'nd

Borough of Hedon, in Holderness, in the East Riding ot avigation. the County of York, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, residing the re, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition -y and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition} Mr.

Ralph Goforth, beirfg examined', said. That the Haven of Hedon is a very old Navigation, but has been neg-lested for some Years, and by that Means is now greatly warped up; that it is capable of being made navigable, from the River Humber to the Town of Hedon, which Would1 be productive of great Advantage to the said Town, and' of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for recovering,1 improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, m Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Cholmley, Sir Charles Saunders, and Mr. Thompson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Linen Trade of tire Borough of Kiddermrnfter, in the County of lYor- tK-iddciminft*r) cester, in Common Council aflenibled, and also of the Silk and Worsted Manufacturers of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners have been informed it is intended to lay an additional Duty upon Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, in order to encourage the Linen Manufactories of Scotland and Ireland, which are repre-fented to be in a declining State; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Decline of the said Linen Manufactures is not owing altogether to the Importation of Forugri Linens, but from the same Causes which have been injurious to the several other Manufactures, especially to the Woollen Branch, and which, the Petitioners fug-gest, ariles chiefly from the Want of a Foreign Exportation, and the Dearriefs of Provisions; and that, should an additional Duty belaid upon Foreign Linens, it will tend still further to injure the Trade, and especially the Woollen Branch, as it is natural to imagine a Foreign Retaliation would be made, which would not only prove prejudicial to the Manufacture of this Kingdom in general, but to the Trade of the said Town' in particular:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard touching the feme.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration

s

6 io

30® Martii.

A. 1774.

Confident ion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Powis, Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House, Counten of, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estates. to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Barbara Countess Dowager of Powis, in Behalf of the Right honounble George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, her Son, now an Infant, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

And Mr. Cooper moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom: And that Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Keene, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Interest, The Hpufe was moved, That an Act, made in the Rate of Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled,

" An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any " Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Act: And that Mr. Dempster and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hawkers Ordered, That Mr. Milles and Mr. Wilbraham Bootle and Pedlars, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and brine in, a Bill for the better regulating of Hawkers and Pedlars, and for remedying the Inconveniences arising from itinerant Traders, and others disposing of Wares and Merchandizes by Auctions.

M«dows’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, to enable John Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald, Widow, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Giles Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, and to whom the Bill for better governing and employ-Bloomsbury ing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors °°r' Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Offices indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify p anl* themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law; or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Forfeited Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the " Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to " the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a " Method of managing the fame; and applying the " Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and " improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Collier*; House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, explain- &c. ing, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland. Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue, of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1773,’.’ be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Supply.

14 Geo. III. 30 ' Mo

Ways and Means.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave' to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Qu^ftiofi, ’by leaving dtft the Word " how,"’ totd adding, at the End thereof, upon this Day FoHjV Months." '

And the-Question'being put, That the Word, noW" stand Fart of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time. '

The said Amendments being accordingly severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put; That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Frederick hell, ’

Mr. Fane:

Mr. Dow all,

'; Mr. Crawfurd:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Yeas,< v

Tellers for the Noes,

Camp-')

‘ .

12.

Clyde The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving Glas the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Bridges ana explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-JNavigation. second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of , to the

Village of Gorbells, was committed.

Mr. Dempfier reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the several Freeholders, Land-owners, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the County of Renfrew, and Country on the South Side of the River Clyde, and adjacent to the City of Glasgow-, and also, the Petition of the Magistrates of the Town of PaiJJey, and Manufacturers and Inhabitants of the said Town; and also, the Petition of the several Freeholders, Land-owners, Farmers, and Inhabitants, in the County of Renfrew, and County on the South Side of the River Clyde, next adjacent to the City of and of tho

Provost, Bailies, and Inhabitants of the Burgh of Renfrew-, and also, the Petition of the several Freeholders, Landowners, Farmers, and Inhabitants, in the County: of Renfrew, and Country on the South Side of the River Clyde, next adjacent to the City of Glasgow; were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question

being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the \ ot. 34.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prisoneti, for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers; and giving a Recorripence for such Fees out of the County Rates; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Old Stratford for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields,' Inclosure. Comihon Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Old ,otherwise

Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick; Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newthorpe for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Incl°f«re. Grounds, called Newthorp Great Common and Begerley Common, in the Parish of Greafley, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Staverton Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ,nelofure-Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Staverton, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Halford for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, laclosure. and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clerkenwell for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the J3tnes’s) Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Highway". Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint s, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Frafer’i Act to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major Ge- forfeited neral Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late E^ates" Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

7 R Act

6i'i

30° — -31° Martiu A. 1774.

Ayr Afl for more effectually carrying into Execution certain ... Proposals, made by the Mod noble Henry Duke of nnuiuei. Buccleugh, the Mod noble Charles Duke of Queensberry

and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities

granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company"; without any Amendment: And also,

Wilsford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

Bolton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (America) to discontinue, in such Manner and for such Time as are therein mentioned, the Landing and Discharging, cer* Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Bo/lou, in the Province of Majach Bay, in North America; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Dutidas have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Burgh of [uunicimUuo fermline, in the County of Fife, North Britain, subscribing, for themselves, and in Name and Behalf of the whole Council and Community of the said Burgh, and the numerous Linen Manufacturers thereof.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacturee of Great Britain and Ireland, which, the Petitioners alledge, will be entirely lod, if some Remedy be not speedily provided; and letting forth. That some Years ago there were One thousand Linen Looms employed in the said Burgh and . its Environs, which are now greatly reduced, although

the Petitioners are sensible that the Numbers could soon be encreased to double, if proper Encouragement was given, by discharging the Importation of Foreign Linen; and they are well satisfied, that the said Town, in Conjunction with other Manufactures of Table Linen in Great Britain and Irel are fully able to supply the whole Demand of Damalk, Diaper, and all Kinds of Table Linen, both for Home Consumption and Exportation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Aid and Relief therein as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

~ 1 . Sir William Gnife presented to the House, according

eW«£c.Ur^* to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so Roads. much of an Act of Parliament, made and pafi'ed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from to the Turnpike

Road from Cirencester to near a Place called

Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Gnife have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British made Sail British made Cloth exported to Ireland, from that Part of Great ^ai1 <-,oth* Britain called England, since Christmas 1755, with the Amount of the Bounties paid or payable thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Sail Cloth Foreign D°. imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, since Christmas 1750; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the total Values of all Exports from Export*. England to Germany and Holland, and of all the Imports from Germany and Holland to England, from Christmas 1751 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° dieMartii;

Anno 140 Georgii III*" Regis, 1774.

Praters.

rJRdered, That Mr. Hawke be added to the Gentlemen men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from

erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London; and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, within the said Liberties.

Thames and Isis Navigation*

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and amending an Clyde Act, made in the 3 2d Year of his late Majesty, for im- *ndB^a<|ow proving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City anf e

of Glasgow -, and for building a Bridge cross the said Navigation.

River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Afl; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, for lowering the Qualification of the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow -, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Afl, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Afl; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge

across

iaGeo. IIL 31 ' Martii.613

across the River of Clyde, from die City of to

the Village of Gorbells.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Milton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Inclosure. mon Fields, and Common Downs, in the Tithings of

Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts, and Milton Havering, in the Parish of Miltonin the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to altyw the Exportation of a limited 0a*s»,&'- Quantity of Wheat-meal, Oats, Oatmeal, Barley, Pease, (H» oat ay.) geans> an(] Hifcuit, to Bay, in North

America, for the Benefit of the Bay Company,

and their Servants residing the re, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Bil'cuit, to Bay,

in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hinckley Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to „ -VG. whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an

Woeful Bridge, . - . , - fp. # ® 1 1 c \ tx c

Sec. Act, passed in the 1 hirty-third Year of the Reign or Road;. his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibflock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney's House, in the Liberty of Ofbaflon, to Cheshire'i House, in the Liberty of Carlton, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burtons Lane, to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Lane, to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the; Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Commons,

and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of derminflex, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

VOL.34.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Vincent prefen ted to the House, according Thame/ to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of to the Town

of Crick/ade, in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London-, and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames within the said Liberties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Weeting the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactionof the Committee (except Three Persons possessed of about 264 Acres of Land, and also except the Owners of Three Common Right Tenements, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Lands to be inclosed consist of 4,450 Acres or thereabouts, and the Number of Common Right Tenements are Fifty; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Winnington presented to the House, ac- Bewdley, cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and &c. Powers of an Act, made and passed in the Twenty- Roads-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads leading from the Town of " Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several " Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester " and Salop respectively And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and remanent^ Linen Trade. Members of the Town Council, of the Borough of (Annan.) Annan, and of several others subscribing, Manufacturers of Linen Yarn, &c. within the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Provost and Bailies, and remanent Ditto. Members of the Town Council, of the Burgh of Loch- (Lochmabcn). maben, and of several others subscribing. Manufacturers of Linen Yarn and Linen Cloth within the said Burgh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, that the Quantity of Linen manufactured in this Country is greatly diminithed within these few Years; and that the Spinning of Yarn, for supplying the Manufacturers in England, is much decrealed, and must be entirely given up unless feme Measure is adopted for Support of that Manufacture:

And therefore praying the House to take this Matter under Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as they shall judge most expedient for

614 3 *° Martii.A. 1774.

the Relief of the Linen Manufacture in this

Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Insurancei Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating Insurances upon ms‘ Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Intc-rest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Evolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1773," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

St. Giles An ingrafted Bill for better governing and employ-n an£ -ing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s °Poor*r^ Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within the Parishes of Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and clefire their Concurrence.

Powis, Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-C°u"g«S;w* fording to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners Estates. for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the Cud Estates therefrom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Sir Charles Whkworth reported from the Committee, O'-' Artillery to whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse, and for Poorand better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, Streets, within The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of The Tower of London; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the lame; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read;

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill frooirthe Lords, intituled, An Act Suraand’s for naturalizing Paul Burnand, was read the First Nat* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hoffham for naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholaas Hane, was and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Holderness whom the Petition of Sir Robert Baronet, Dra^a§e>

the Reverend Mark Sykes, Doctor in Divinity, Henry Maister, Esquire, Henry Etherington, Esquire, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, . as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ralph Goforth, being examined, said, That there are divers Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the Parishes, Townships, apd Places of Winflead, Pat triniton, South Frodingham, Hollym, Owthorne,

otherwise Seat home, Withernfea, Ingland Hill, and Walker

Fields, containing about Fifteen hundred Acres, which for many Years pall have been, and are, liable to be overflowed for Want of proper Drains and Outfalls, and are thereby rendered of little Value,

And he added. That the said Grounds and Carrs are capable of being, effectually drained, which would be of great Advantage to the Proprietors, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in ,a Bill for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Wine-jlead, Pattrington, South Frodlingham, Hollym, Rimfivell,

Owthorne, otherwise Seathorne, Withernfea, Ingland and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile,

Mr. Lifter, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to Cattle, regulate the Manner of driving of Cattle, within the drmngof. Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Metropolis. Mortality: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: < Assent

Mr. Speaker, Bill«.

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And

i4 Geo. III.

31° Martii.

61 c;

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the Houf& had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A dent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act to discontinue, in such Manner and for such Time as therein mentioned, the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Bay,

in North America:

An Act for making perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

An Act for appointing Commissionei^, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- vice of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and " Seventy Four," together with those named inTwo former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Four:

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers; and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates:

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queens-

berry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company :"

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Frafer the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions: An Act to repeal a Clause in on Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part " of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes," which regulates the Width of the Wheels* and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed; and for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the said Clause:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, " Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or " Hamlets of March and and in the Pa.

" rish of Up'ivell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of " Cambridgefo far as the same relates to the several

Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Sixth District in the said Act described:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, to the Town of Rochdale, and from a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Bcffes of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for empowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Yrear of the Reign of Vol. 34.

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hetshalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Buckl&w Hill, to the Town of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, and from Hill

aforesaid to Penny's Lane, near Northzvich, in the said County of Chester:

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth, and Twenty-second, Years of King Charles the Second, and of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands, called Deep* ingFens, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell, called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage firom Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching, and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish:

An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent of the Persons claiming under the Will of Mary Pryce, Spinster, deceased, to cut down and fell the Timber upon the settled Estates of the said Mary Pryce, in the County of Merioneth; and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Devon, late of Thomas Benson, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to-be applied under the Direction of the Court of Exchequer, in Payment of certain Legacies affecting the same Estates:

An Act for vesting the Estate late of William Watts, Esquire, called South Hill, 6r Fisher's Lodge, in the County of Berks, in Trustees, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be lettled to the Uses of his Will.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half-year Lands; Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lammas Meadows, Commons, Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tottington, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Crofts, Breeks, and other Half-year Closes, in the Parishes of Beetley, Great Bit-tering, and Greffenhall, in the County of Norfolk, within the Liberty of Sheepwalk, called Beetley and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Beetley::

An Act for enabling the ' Right Honourable John Earl Spencer to inclose the several Open and Common fields, in the Parish. of Dunton, in the County of Bucks; and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of , aforesaid, in the said John Earl Spencer; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish, in Lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open FiehL Meadow, Pasture, and all other Commonable Grounas, within the Manor of Ratcliffe upon Wreak, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, called Cropredy Field and Afl Mead, within the Parish of Cro-predy, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds,

... ij y S - and

616 310 MaA. 1774.

and Commonable Places, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Wastes, and Commonable Places, of Icfcotcand. Donnington on the Heath, in the Pari lb of flock, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of

waldtwijle, in the Parish of , in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster

An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Ann's, otherwise Sutton Bennington, commonly called Saint Ann's End, in the County o i N

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Pieces and Parcels of Land, called Bflop's Itchington Heath, Christ-. mas Hill, Palmer's Furze, The Olt, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Btflwp’s Itchington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-.mon Fields, Meadows, rings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kealin the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Pasture, or Waft$ Ground, called Cottmoore, and such Part of the Comrqoa Pafturq, or Waste Ground, called ley, as lies wit hip the Districts of Southwell and West-horpe, in the Parish gLSouthwells, -in the County of Nottingham: ;. . ,: : 1 - ' " 1 1

An Adf :for.dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, ipQmmqn Mdadotvs, Pastures, and other Commonable Lapd^.v/hhin the Parish of Old Stratford, otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds,; called Newthorpe Great Common, and Begerley Common, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham: ,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows* and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Statertpn,< in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and’Common Fields, arid other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Halford, and County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields,.Meadows, Pastures; Heath,‘and Waste Grounds, within the Matior arid Parish of Wilsford, otherwise Willesford, in the County of . An Act to di derive the Marriage' of; Richard Hea/ley, with Arabella Dawfln, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry\ again;. and for other Purposes therein mentioned: ,v. .:

An Act to enable Thomai Asheton,'. Esquire,' arid his Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to trike arid use the-Surname, jof. Smith, pursuant to the Will of William Smith, Esquire, deceased:

.. An Act to enable the Honourable Henrietta Charlotte Kef:,.Spi after, ai*i her Issue, to take, use, and bear, the.Surname.and. Arms of pwrfliant to the Will

of Robert Tracy, EsquKe, deceased:

An . Act-ipr- jjaturalizing Nicholas Ilaefeler,

and John Erflitt :.; L . -

^An /Vdtrfpr.paJdralizing Jacob

Adjournment bR4^W,\\Thah this Hdufe will, at the-Rising of llic.HcuJe this Day, adjo.urn tillTuejday Sevennight, the I^ay qfyfpri/.nexti

Wallingfen -.Shi George^, Savile reported from the Committee, to

Drainage, wliotu the Petition of the federal Persons whoseNames are tlieteuiito. 4urbfobbed, being Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages. Cottages, and Toils, having Right, of Commop; upon a certain Comjouuon, called Walling-feu, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; anti is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Smith, being examined, said, That there is, belonging to 48 Towns, Hamlets, and Villages, in the Parishes of Howden, Edflrington, Blacktoft, South Cave, and North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, an extensive Common or Piece of Ground, called Wallingfen, containing by Estimation Five Thousand Acres, or thereabouts, which has always laid open, without its being known what Township or Parish any Part thereof lies in or belongs to; and the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, have certain Stinted Rights of Common thereon, which they have enjoyed for Time immemorial. Then,

An Act, paded in the 12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and prderving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Market Weighton to the River Humber, was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Powers were given to the Commissioners therein named, to make Cuts and Drains in and through the said Common, and to inclose Part thereof, for raising a certain -Tax, in the said Act mentioned, in case the fame should not be paid by the Proprietors of the said Common.

And MrJ Smith informed your Committee, That the Persons interested in the said Common or Ground are desirous of having a Power to raise the said Tax amongst themselves.

And hfe added, That the said Corrfmori, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement; but if the same was divided and inclosed, and fpdcific Shares allotted to ther Persons interested therein, all Taxes thereon might be fairly and equally laid, and more easily raised, and many Advantages would arise to the Persons entitled to such Allotments; and the same would in many Respects be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, in the

East Riding of the County of York; and for repealing, explaining, or amending. Part of an Act, passed in the rath Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for draining arid preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of MarketWeighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Market Weighton to the River HAnd that Sir George Savile arid \Jr. Lifter do prepare, arid bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Chancery, re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s ^office) Court of Chancery^ and for erecting Offices for the Register arid Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices: And that Mr.

Attorney Ge.qeral and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, afrid bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That' there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Amount of the Dead Calli belonging to (Dead Calli) the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, now remaining in the Hands of the Accomptarit* General of the said Court. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Amount of the Surplus of the Interest of the Securities belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, purchased under the Authority of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

in

Interest, Race of.

Stoke

Hammond

Inclosure.

Barking Workhouse and Poor.

14 Geo. III.

310 Martii.

617

in the 4th and 9th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Mr. William Butterfield was again examined; who said, That there are several Charity Eftatfcs belonging to the said Parish, confiding of Lands, Hereditaments, Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to and Money in the Public Funds, amounting in the

Order, a Bill for explaining an Act, made in the 12th Whole to Thirty-eight Pounds per ,or thtire-

Year of the Reign of Queen Antte, intituled, "An Act abouts; and that the Trustees of those Estates have " to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice been all dead some Years; and that it is necessary, ih " to Parliamentary Securities:" And the same was re- order to support the said Charities, that the vacant

Trusts should be filled up, and some Regulations and Provisions established, for the Management of those Estates.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing a convenient Spot of Ground, within, the Parish. of , in the county of ; and for

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to building a Workhouse thereon j and for the better reorder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open' and gulating and managing the Poor therein};and for alter-Common Fields, Common Meadows, arid Common and ing the Method of making and collecting the Poors

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 19th Day of April next. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Pasture, called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke- Hammond, i n the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

x ,1 ' .

Mr. Gascovne reported from the 'Committee, 'to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwarden^; and Overseers of the Poor, and Other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Barking, in' the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined- the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Td prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr,

Rates; and for regulating and managing certain Charity Estates belonging to the said Parish: And that Mr.

Gascoyne and Mr. Benym do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ,: .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for *" making the Estates of such Persons as are Bankers only, witfiin the Cities of London.and and within

a certain. Distance thereof, liable to the Payment of their own, and Partnerfhjp Debts; and for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and for regulating the Manner of issuing Bankers Promissory Notes; and for inflicting further Punishment on Clerks to Bankers, who shall embezzle Money or Effects: And that the Lord North and Mr. Joseph filar-tin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Irish

OrThat there be laid before this House, an. William Butterfield, being examined, said, That the Poor Account of the Quantity of Irish lXnm imported into L"*jV of the Parish of Barking are very numerous, and are England Yards, from the 5th April 1770 to maintained and supported at a great Expence; and the 5th April 1773, and from thence to the present

Time; distinguishing each Year, ending on the 5th Day of April; and also distinguishing what. is imported into the Port of London from what it imported into the Out Ports.

very

at a great Expence; and that the present Workhouse is very inconvenient, and so small, that it will not contain One Third Part of the Poor of the said Parish; and that there are now One hundred and Eighty poor Persons who are relieved by the Parish, more than can be received into the said Workhouse; and that Persons of both Sexes, and of all Ages, lodge in the same Room; and that there is no separate Ward even for Persons who are sick.

Mr. William Russell, Mr. Joseph Jefior, Churchwardens, and Mr. Edward Davies, Mr. Thomas Porter, Overseers of the Poor, confirmed the foregoing Evidencei and added, that if a Piece of Ground was purchased, and a proper Workhouse built thereon, the Poor would be much better maintained and managed, and at a less Expence to the Parish, than they are at present.

Then Mr. Edward Cleve and Joseph Burley, Overseers of the Poor, and the said Mr. Thomas Porter, were examined; who informed your Committee, that the Parish of Barking consists of Four distinct Wards, and each Ward has a separate Overseer, who collects the Rates within his own Ward, and has a discretionary Power of relieving such poor Persons as he thinks fit; that this Mode of Collection is attended with great Delay; and from the Negligence, as well as Partiality in the Officers, many Losses happen in the Collection. And the Witnesses added, that they attributed the Increase of the Poors Rate of late Years to this Mode of Collection, and to the Overseers in each Ward having a discretionary Power of distributing the Money by them collected towards the Relief of the Poor. — And they produced to your Committee an Account of the Sums collected for the Relief of the Poor for several Years past, by which it appeared, that the Poors Rates had greatly encreased of late. And the Witnesses added, that if the present Mode of collecting and distributing the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor was altered, it would be a great Saving to the Parish.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Folefliill concerned in the Bill for . dividing arid inclosing the lncWure. Common Fields, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of FoleJhiUin the County of the City of Coventry; which Bill was, upon Monday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second.

Time; '

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein’ as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," so far as the same relates to the Election of

Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 12th Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

618

12* Aprilis. A. 1774"

Martis, i Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1774.

Praters.

Swansea ifR. George Venables Vernon reported from the Market Committee, to whom the Bill for removing and

*nd regulating the Public Market and Shambles for the Sale am es. ^Meat, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was committed; and to whom

the Petition of Calvert Richard Jones, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, William Hurst, Esquire, and Lucy his Wife, Owners of several Messuages or Tenements, in the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan-, and also, the Petition of several Freeholders, Lessees, and Occupiers of Houses and Tenements, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan were referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ' which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Her The Marquis of Carmarthen acquainted the House* Majesty. that the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the congratulatory Message of this House, had at-> tended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say.

Gentlemen,

I am very sensible of this additional Mark of your Duty to the King, and Attention to Me.

Snning An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Re&oiy. tQ subject and charge the Rectory and Parfqnage Impropriate of Surnng, otherwise in the Counties

of Berks and Oxen, and the Manqr, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to Doftqr Thomas Greene, and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for veiling the fame, so charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Howard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*.

Holderness Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Drainage. Order, a Bill for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Winefead, South

Hollym, Rimfwell, Qwthotne, otherwise Seathorne, Wit hern-

sea. Ingland Hill, ajid Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejalved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WalHngfen Sir George Savile presented tq the House, according Drainage. (0 Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, WalHngfen, in the East Riding of the County of York -, and for repealing, explaining, or amending, Part of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East

3

Riding of the County of York; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market Weighton to the River Humber: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle be added to Macclesfield the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and Free School bring in, a Bill for confirming certain Purchases made ate,‘ by the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester-, to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales, and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof; and for further regulating the said Foundation.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, ac- Ditto, cording to Order, a Bill for confirming certain Purchases made by the Governors of the Poflessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish erf Preftbury, in the County of Chester; to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales, and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof; and for further regulating the said Foundation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, ^he to whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse, and for Old Artillery better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Ground Poor, within The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty Wortthouse of The Tower of London; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open railages and Places within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Hedon Order, a Bill for recovering, improving, and maintain- Navigation ipg, the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, in Holderness, and Haven* in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Fonge presented to the House, according Sir John to Order, a Bill to enable certain Persons, during the S*Leafing? Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, ail at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Stoke Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common and Hammond Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Failure, n called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

4-'

iLa

14 Geo. III. I £ Aprili619

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Eggers’* An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act;

Nat* for naturalizing Gujiav Nicolaus was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Howard, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Walpole A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are Salt Marsh thereunto set, Commissioners of Sewers for the Hun-»rrge, dred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, in Behalf of

(Witbsch.) themselves and the other Commissioners for the said.

Hundred and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Land within the said Hundred, and Parts adjacent, and within the Limits of their Commission, are drained by the River of Wisbech; and that the Banks for many Miles on each Side of the said River have been from Time to Time kept up and repaired by Order of the Petitioners and others, Commissioners of Sewers for the said Hundred, and Parts adjacent; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for im-banking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, of a certain Common, called Walpole Salt , in the County of Norfolk, lying near, or adjoining to, the Channel or Outfall of Wisbech River; and that there are many large Creeks in the said Marsh; and that the Sea, upon 1 the Influx of the Tide into the Bay or Channel of Wisbech River, frequently fills the said Creeks, and overflows the said Marsh; and that the Waters from the said Creeks and Marsh, upon the Reflux of the Tides, fall into the said Channel, and thereby contribute greatly to keeping open the same and the Outfall

thereof, by scouring out the Silt or Sullage brought into . the same by the Tides; and that the Petitioners appre-. field that, by virtue of the said Commission, they have a Right in and over the said Marsh, which Right was . committed to them, to prevent Impediments and Anr noyances, that might be hurtful to the Outfall of the said River and Channel; and that, if the said Bill pass into a Law, and the said Marsh be imbanked, their said Right will be taken away, the Tidal Waters be lhut out from the said Marsh and Creeks, the Outfall of Wisbech River to Sea, for Want of a sufficient Back , . Water to scour out the lame, be choaked up, the Banks of the said River be frequently overflowed and broken, and the Lands in the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, within the Limits of the said Com-. million, be laid under Water, without any Drainage for the same: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ditto. A Petition of the Burgesses of the Town of Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners enjoy divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under Charters from several of His Majesty’s Royal Predecessors; and that they have no Drainage for their said Estates, but through the River and Channel of Wisbech; and that the said Town of Wisbech is an ancient Sea Port, and the Inhabitants thereof carry on a very considerable Foreign and Coasting Trade, by Import and Export of several Wares and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for the embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, of a certain Common, called Walpole Salt ,in the County of Norfolk, adjoining to the Outfall of Wisbech River; and that, at the Influx of the Tides into the Bay and Channel of Wisbech River, the same frequently overflow the said Marsh, and fill several large Creeks* therein with Water; and that the said Creeks, upon Vo*,. 34.

the Ebb of the said Tides, empty themselves into the Channel in the said Bay, and greatly affill in keeping open the same; and that the Petitioners apprehend that, if the said Bill pals into a Law, and the said Marsh be embanked, the Tidal Waters will be lhut out from the said Marsh and Creeks, and the said Channel, for Want of the Scour made by the Waters running out of the said Creeks into the lame, upon the Ebb of the Tide, will be choaked up with Sand and Silt brought into it by the Influx thereof, the Navigation of the said River, and the Trade of the said Port of Wisbech, in a great Measure, if not entirely, loft, and the Petitioners said Lands left without a Drainage:

And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors Ditto, of Lands defended by the Banks of Wisbech River, lying in Wisbech Hundred, and draining through Wif-bech River and Channel, to Sea, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, draining through the said River and Channel, or defended by the Banks of the said River, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are seised of several Lands and Tenements draining to Sea through the River and Channel of Wisbech, or defended by the Banks of the said River; and that they have no other Drainage for the conveying of the Waters from the said Lands to Sea; and that, unless the said River and Channel are kept open,' the North and Sotith Banks thereof will be in Danger of frequent Breaches, by the Floods running down the said River to Sea; and that many Thousand Acres of Land will be laid under Water, and the Produce thereof in a great Measure, if not totally, loft; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called The Salt Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, adjoining to the Outfall of the said River; and that the Sea, upon the Influx of the Tides into the Bay and Channel of Wisbech River, always brings with it a great Quantity of Sand or Silt, which, upon the Ebb of the Tide, subsides, and is continually contributing towards choaking up the said Outfall, unless there is a sufficient Back Water to carry the fame*again to Sea; and that, at the Influx of the Tides into the Bay and Channel of Wisbech River, the same frequently overflow the said Marsh, and fill several large Creeks therein with Water, which Creeks, upon the Ebb of the Tides, empty themselves into the Channel of the said Bay, and thereby greatly affill in keeping open the Outfall thereof; and that several Marshes, which formerly lay open to the Channel of the said River, have been embanked, which hath been found greatly prejudicial to the Outfall of the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Bill pass into a Law, and the said Marsh be embanked, the Tidal Waters will be lhut out from the said Marsh and Creeks, the Outfall to Sea be in a great Measure, if not entirely, stopt, the said River and Channel grow up, the said North and South Banks be in Danger of frequent Breaches, by the Floods running down the said River, and the said Lands now draining to Sea through the said River laid under Water, without any Drainage ' for the fame, to the great Loss of the Public, as well as of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are d;uo. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of (Walpole.) Lands, lying and being in a certain Common or Waste *

Ground, called The Salt Marsh, within the Township of

7 T,

620 12" Aprilis- A. 1774.

Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, called The Salt , within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it would be very injurious to them, and several other Owners and Occupiers of Lands, lying in the said Common or Waste Ground: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counl'el, against the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for er banking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, a certain Common, or Waste Ground, cal'ed The Salt Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second Time: And the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counl'el be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Sowerby A Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Field, called Inclosure. Sowerby Town Field, a Stinted Failure, called Ox Moor,

and a Common, or Moor, called South Moor, within the Township of Sowerby, in the County of York was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

Mitford’s Mr. Hawke reported from the Committee, to whom Kfate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, dc-vised by the Will of John Mitford, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the lame, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comrrrttee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Fo'eshill A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inctofure. \Vafte Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Foleshill, in the County of the City of Coventry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Hopkins, Mr. Hopkins, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Corn. A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufac-(Glasgow.) turers, of G/aJ'goiv: And also,

Ditt0- A Petition of the Magistrates of the Burgh of Ru-(Rmherglen) therglen, for themselves, and in Name of the Traders,. Artificers, and Manufacturers, in the said Burgh: And also. Ditto. A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Dea-(Dumbarton) cons of Crafts, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers,

of j Dumbarton:And also,

Ditto.# A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council (ijirkaldie.) Qf girkaldie;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; and Setting forth, That Oatmeal is the Bread of by far the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of Scotland, the Price of which has been encreasing for Sixteen Years past, and has contributed, with ether Causes, to encrease the Distrefle*, and promote the Emigration, of the Poor; and that the said Act has a maniflft Tendency to encrease those Evils, as, by the former Laws, Oatmeal could be imported, when the Price exceeded 13s. 4 d Boll, and is now raised to i6r.; and that, although Wheat, and all other Grain, is allowed to be imported, when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due, and again re-exported, yet no such Provision is made with respect to Oatmeal, which,

the Petitioners apprehend, was not intended by the Legislature: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to give such Relief as shall be thought proper.

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and other Ditto. Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Renfrew, was also presented (RciUscw.) to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by the Laws in Force in Scotland, prior to the First of January 1774, Oatmeal could be imported into when

the Price exceeded 134. 4 d.per Boil; but, by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,

Oatmeal can only be imported into Scotland when the Price exceeds 16 s.per Boll; and that the Consequence of this Law must be, to advance the Price of Oatmeal in Scotland, which is the Bread of the greatest Part of the Inhabitants, especially the lower Sort, a Consequence which it can ill bear at this Time, from the declining State of its Manufactures; and the Petitioners hope.

That, to prevent the said Evil, the House will pass a Law, allowing Oatmeal to be imported into Scotland, when the Price shall be at or above 131. 4 per Bo!!, and containing the same Provisions, with respcCl to Oatmeal being warehoused, as is contained in the before-recited Act, with respect to Wheat and all other Grain: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and to grant Relief to the Petitioners accordingly.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Burgh of Perth, Ditto, for themselves, and in Name of the Community of (Perth.) the said Burgh, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year 1703, the Law, prohibiting the Importation of Meal, fell to be suspended when the Price should exceed Eight Pounds Scots (or Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling) per Boll; and that by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the prohibiting Laws for the Importation of Meal were subject to be suspended, when the Price of Oatmeal did exceed the like Price of Thirteen, Shillings and Four Pence Sterling per Boll; and that, by the late Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, Oatmeal may be imported where the Price at the Port of Importation does exceed Sixteen Shillings Sterling Boll; but may not be imported until it exceed that Price; and representing to the House, that Oatmeal is the principal Food of the greatest Part of the labouring Poor of Scotland, the Price of which has of late Years greatly encreal’ed, and thereby heightened the Distresses of the Poor, and the operative Manufacturers; and that the said Act has a manifest Tendency to encrease and continue these Evils; for, by the former Laws, Oatmeal might have been imported when the Price exceeded Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Boll, but cannot now be imported, unless it exceed Sixteen Shillings Boll: And therefore praying the House to consider the

Premises,

14 Geo. III. t2° J 6ii

Premises, and pass an Act to reduce the Rate, at which Oatmeal may be imported, to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Boll, for alleviating in some Measure the Distrefl'es of the Poor, and encouraging the Trade and Manufactures of this Country; or to give such other Relief as shall be thought proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

BatteHea Mr. Oiijlozv presented to the House, according to Or-New (jer} a yij| for re-building the Parish Church of Chorre j,a^ jn t[,c County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish Church: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air A Petition of several Proprietors of Limestone Quar-

ar>d Calder ries and Estates, and of several Inhabirants of the Town-fcavigation. j^jp Qf Knotlingley, in the County of on Behalf

of themselves.and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for improving the Navigation of the Rivers and Colder;

and that the said Town of Knottingley is an ancient Town, and situate upon the Banks of the River Air, which River was navigable by Nature up to the said Town, and the Lands about the said Town are chiefly upon a Limestone of excellent Quality} and that on Account of such natural Navigation, by an Act passed in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making the said Rivers navigable, Lime going down the said River from Knottingley is exempted from Payment of Tolls; and that, by Reai'on of such their Situation, and of the said Exemption, and the excellent Quality of the said Lime, the Petitioners have been enabled to supply several Parts of the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, with Lime upon better Terms than any other Place; a very considerable Trade has been carried on, to the Amount of many Thousand Pounds annually; Stayths, Landing Places, Warehouses, and other Conveniences, have been erected on the Banks of the said River, the said Town is become exceedingly populous, great Numbers of Houses have been built, and the Value of Lands (particularly Limestone Quarry) is very considerable; and that the Petitioners observe, by a Clause in the said Bill, the Undertakers therein to be named, with the Consent of the Proprietors of any lands and Grounds, or by an Order from the Commissioners to be appointed by the said Bill, are impowered to deviate from the Course prescribed by the said Bill, and the Maps or Plans set forth in the Book of Reference therein mentioned, and to make such Cuts or Canals as the said Commissioners shall think proper to order, at any Meeting to be held in the Manner directed in and by the said Bill; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if any Cut, or Canal, should be made on the North Side of the said River, between the Town of Brotherton, and the Cut intended to be carried from the said River Air, at or near to the River

Ouze at Sc Ay, the Navigation of the said River , from the Place where such Cut or Canal should branch out of the same downwards, would become of no further Use to the said Undertakers, and would conle-questly be neglected, and soon become utterly impafiable for Boats and other Vessels; and that, if any Cut or Canal should be made, so as to deviate from the Course of the said River, at or near Knottingley, the same would deprive the Petitioners of the natural Advantages of their Situation, and be to the very great Loss not on'y of them, but of several Land Owners in the said Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, who are sup-Vol. 34.

plied with Lime from the said Town of Khoiting/eyi and that the ancient Course of the said River Air, at Knottingley, is capable, with proper Card; of being made and maintained a good and lbfficient Navigation; and representing to the House, that, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Ninth Day of July 1714, between William Milner, Esquire, and John Smith, El-quire, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Air and Colder, on the First Part; the most noble Robert then Marquis of Lindsey, of the Second Part} and Arthur gram and Thomas Atkinson, on Behalf of themselves and

others. Inhabitants of the said Town of Knottingley, of the Third Part; it is, amongst other Things, agreed that the said Undertakers should not demand or receive; from the Inhabitants of Knottingley, any more than one

Third Part of such Toll per Ton, for Passage up and down the said River of Air, to and from Knottingley td a Place called Weeland, with their Boats, Vessels, and Barges, as then was, or thereafter should be, usually taken and received from the Inhabitants of others, trading upon the said River, for their Passage up and down the said River, to and from Wakefield to Weeland aforesaid; and in regard the said Articles are not in the Custody of the Petitioners, and it will be for the mutual Benefit of the Petitioners and the Reprel’en- tatives of the said William Milner and John Smith, that the said Articles should be confirmed by the said Bill:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; that no Toll tnay be laid upon Lime going down the said River-, that Provision may1 be made in the said Bill, to prevent the making any Cut, or Canal, on the North Side of the said River Air, so as to deviate from the Course of the said River, at or near Knottingley; and that the said Articles may be? confirmed by the said Bill; and that noEncrease of Toll may be laid upon the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers " of Air and Colder, in the County of York;" and fof improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal, from the said River at or near dlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by the /- Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Moortfcids thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Holders, of Lands, Houses, Mills, Wharfs, and other Pre- Abbey* mises, in the Parishes of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Hack- thnaL ney, Tottenham HighCrofs, Edmonton, Endfield, and other Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford, and of Seeward Stone in the County of EJJ'ex, was pretented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the City of London, hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable them to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, for the Passage of Boats,

Barges, and other Craft, from Moor fields to Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex, which, as appears by a Plan or Survey thereof published by the City of London, is designed to be cut and carried through the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, in the several Parishei aforesaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend, such Cut, or Cara!, is not necessary, nor can be of any pub* lie Utility or Advantage to Trade or Commerce; the

New

622

12° Aprilis. 1774-

- New Cut' to the River being, as the Petitioners conceive,. capable of conveying all the Goods to and from London that can be expected to be conveyed by such intended Canal; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in 1 'case such intended Canal be made, that many Inconveniences, and an inestimable Damage, will ensue to the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, through which the same will pals; and also the adjacent Estates of the - Petitioners; and that the Petitioners have not given their Consent to the making such Canal, and many of them-have not been applied to for their Consent: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may not be given to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the said City, to make any Cut, or Canal, according to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Dispofuion Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of Grams. Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Sinking Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fund. Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Medow* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable John Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, ule, and bear, the Surname and Arms o i Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth. Theobald, Widow, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Embury, Mr. Burrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Knareibo- Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con-rough cerned in the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Inclosure. year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District called The Forest of,

" in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven " Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein " mentioned;" which Bill was, upon Monday the 21st Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Air Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con-

and Calder cerned in the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the toth Navigation. anc} j jyears Qf the lleign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping " navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the County " of York;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from to the River; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddto the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County; which Bill was, upon Monday the 28th Day of March last, read a Se- cond Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been in-

H —

formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- Carltoa quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in- Rerr-V' formed of the Contents of the Petition of Thomas Stapleton, Esquire; which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February last, and which upon the 29th Day of March last was reported from the Committee to whom the same had been referred, and a Bill ordered in thereupon; gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty‘s Interest is Saning concerned in the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu- Rectur)r* led. An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Par-fonage Impropriate of Swing, otherwise Sonyuge, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands,

Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene and his Successors, Deans of Sarum; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for vesting the fame, so charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Heirs and Af-ligns; which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Offices ing to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have £ and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Potton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potton, in the County of Bedford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Keyingham Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ara- laclosure. ble Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the Township of Keyingham, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Complaint being made to the House, that the She- privilege, riffs of London and Middlesex had, in pursuance of the Speaker’s Letter, issued by Order of the House, instead of directing their Summons to Mr. , as Knight

of the Shire for Middlesex, taken upon themselves to summon another Person to attend, in Contempt of the legal Rights of the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That

A;

o

0 Jprilis.

' 623

14 Ge£>. III.

That Stephen Sayre, and W , Esquires, the Sheriffs of Middlesex, do attend this House upon this

Day Seven night;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purports; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-morcow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

Linen The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Trade. ref0}vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Fitzmaurice’i The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Pi""ta"on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ate‘ to consider further of the Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Esquire, deceased; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be foie, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering ^reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Linen The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade, whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had further heard the Merchants and Traders to Germany and Holland, and the Dealers in Foreign Linens from those Countries resident in , upon

their Petition; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vot.. 34.

Mercurii, 13® Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

1

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for removing and regulating the Swansea public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, Market and within the Borough and Town of S, in the County Shamble;, of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for fixing and regulating a public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Mr. George Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, Basingstoke to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an to Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Mullen’s King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts; for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Camplin, from African the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company, to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Names of all the Freemen of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, who have been admitted to their Freedom within the City of London, with their respective Additions, and Places of Abode, and the Times of their Admission.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the L;nen Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at Trade, See. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of British and Irifk Linens exported from Scotland, with the Amount of the

Bounties paid thereon, from the ift Day of January 1772 to the ift Day of January 1774; being as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Linens

7 U exported.

624 130 Aprilis. ^.1774.

exported, from the ift of January 177 2to the ift of January 1774; being as far as the same can be made up j distinguishing what have been exported to His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations, and what to other Places: And also.

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, or imported into, Scotland, from Christmas 1769 to Christm 1772; being as far as

the same can be made up; distinguishing each Place, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts do lie

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Dispofidon Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and of Grants. Seventy-three, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of 1774, and the Part remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus of the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

j

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

eg

FT

o

t-

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1773 has been disposed of j distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of 774>

and the Part remaining uniatisfied $ with the Overplus of the lame.

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for a©,000 Men, including 4,354 Marines, from of January 1773 - , - - - *

Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers for the Tear 1773 -

ds the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above; are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordiniry, for the Year 1773 -

£. /. /.

988,000 — — 424,019 — 9

- 4ai>554 -

i)

o

‘ For Ordnance, Sea Service -

For Ditto, — Land Service - -

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in ..... ——

For defraying the Charge of 17,070 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year 1773 ——

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1773 -

Fo/ defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment, of 6 Battalions and 3 Companies of Foot, serving in the Iftecf Man, it Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1773 -\ For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1773 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1773

| For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773 - -

ror defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards seduced and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Tfoops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1773 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1773 Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 25th Day of February 1772 and the 8th Day of March 1773, and not provided for by Parliament -

£. /. d.

52,000 — — 218,460 13 10

*7*954 4 7

£. s. d,

616,895 1 10

396>9S5 S 10 5.503 9 S-

11,473 «8 of

122,982 3 9

111,127 5 IQ

1,14 8lO —

628 -

249,708 12

For maintaining and fupoorting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1773 ——

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1772 to 24th June 1773 - - - - '

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1772 to 24th Juiu 1773 ——

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th 1772 to 24th

June 1773 ..... ——

For defraying the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1773 -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1773 -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1773 -

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, to assist the said Company in carrying on their Trade -

For repairing, maintaining, and fiipporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa - -

Towards enaoling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminflet to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to

maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them - ....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders in pursuance of Addresses - -

To enable His Majesty to repay to Messieurs Hodgson, Gordon, and Debonair, the like Sum, which has been overpaid by them to the Commissioners of Excise for the Duties of Excise upon Beer and Ale -

To Doctor Richard Williams, as a Reward for his inventing a fast Green and Yellow Dye on Cotton Yams and Thread, and for discovering the Secret thereof..... -

Sums voted.

1*833*5 73 — 9

'288,414 18 5

1,516,402 _7 3i 5,146 10 5

3>o$6-----

4*950 -

7,272 13 6

6*33& — 9s 1,885 4 *""*

6,998 10 9 5,000-----

13.000 — —

2.000 — — 6,200 — —

4*3^3-----

2.000 — ~

Sums paid.

/. d.

*.833.573 — 9

288,41418 5

1,516,402 7 3$ 5,14610 5

3.<»86 —

4>9S°----

7,274 13 6 6,336 — of 1,885 4

6,998 10 9

5.000 -

13,000 — —

2.000 — — 6,200 — —

4.363. — —

2.000 — —

Remains to be paid. £ ' d-

0\

On

14 Geo. III. 13° Aprilis.

g

(Q

N'

CD

Q_

cr

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 17C8, on the

5th Day of July 1772..... ..... ....

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1771, at Laly Day 1773

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1771* at Michaelmas 1773 ..

Towards the Extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Gewg/i 3til.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1772 [ - - - - . - .

To pay oft and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 1 a0 Georgii 3^, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1773, together with the IntereH and Charges attending the same ....

48,243 ti 6 123,309 7 10 273,162 17 4| 9,072 6 — 21,083 7 1,835,0-8 2 6 48,24s 6 125.309 7 *°, ,73,162 17 4| 9,072 6. — 219 5 11 . i,835.078 2 6 20,865 15 8

6,018,383 12 5,997.7*7 *7 *i 20,865 15 8

750,000 —

1,^00,000 — —

1,000,000 -- —

350^9 3 7 4l

2>349»8o6 12 7I 9,961 11 8

10,000 — —

3^54 2,949 18 *69398 18

1\

9

2

WAYS and MEANS for answering the said Services.

By the Malt Duty, continued Anno 1773.

By 3/. per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, on 5th April 1773* /or Disposition of Parliament.

Of the future Surplus of the said Sinking Fund.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Out of the Produce of the several Duties, directed by Act? of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of ihc Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Qum Arabic.

Out of Monies arisen by the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War. Payable by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii 3tU.

6,145,565 — Total Ways and Means. 6,018,583 12 94 Total Services.

126,981 7 5 Overplus of Ways and Means.

Memorandum.

By an Act 130 Gcon 3tU the Commissioners of the Treasury were impowered to raise £.1,400,000 by Exchequer Bills, to be applied for the Relief of the Bast India Company; which Sum hath been raised and applied for the Relief of the said Company, in Manner following; viz.

Remains of WAYS and MEANS tobe d\(po(cd of;

Of the Sinking Fund - - - - . r " "

Of the Money payable by the East India Company, pursuant to an Act 9° G*°n 3l when the same shall be paid into the Exchequer -

From which deducting the Sum unpaid, as above - -

The Befidue is the Surplus of the Grants for the Year 1773 -

£ d.

32,227 8 4i

115,619 *4 00

147,847 3 I

20,865 ‘5 8

126,981 7 5

Memdum.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments....

For the late African Company’s Creditors - -

For Georgia Bills, Residae of £. 15,496. 19/. id.%

Towards building a Lazaret ....

For Compensation to Francis Dal by, for certain Damages sustained by him For Expences incurred by the East India Company, in the Expedition to Manilha

£. s. d.

- 10,506 5 2\

9OO 12 IO

57° *7 7i

5,000-----

6,195 8 11

- *8,3 65 15 8

£5*039 —

To the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, in Satisfaction of certain Duties and £. d

Subsidies due from the said Company ----- - 344,064 6 8

To complete the whole of the Monies due for the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea for T

4 Years, ended the 5th of July 1771, pursuant to an Act 120 Gem 3tU 117,314 1 3JL I.

To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Tea for the Year > 5 9 °*

ended 5th July 1772, pursuant to said Act - 84,842 8 75. J

To the Bank of England, in Part of the Debt due to them from the said East India Company - - - - . 600,000 — —

For the like Sum, remaining unpaid by the said Company, for the Service of the Year

1772 of £.400,000 per Annum, payable pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3tU - - / - 200,000 — —

In Part of £. 169,398. 18/. id. payable by the said Company, pursuant to the said Act,

for the Service of the Year 1773 ----- 53,779 3 5*

£. 1,400,000 — —

CH3BSS8BBS3B3BS3

Preferred this 13th Day of April 1774, by

W. Speer.

OS

Os

13 °Aprilis. 1774.

Chancery. (Six Clerk’s Office.)

Linen

14 Geo. III. 1.30 Apr ills. 7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Ofijce of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, attended at the Poor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Calli belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, in Custody of the Bank, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court: And also,

An Account of Securities, purchased with the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And also.

An Account of Securities, purchased with the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Acounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of the Imports, from Germany, Holland, Russia, and Ireland, into London and the Out Ports of England, for the last Ten Years that can be made up; distinguishing each Year, the Value of the Linens, and the Quantity, converted into Yards: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Irijk Linen imported into England, in British Yards, from the 5th January 1770 to the 3 th January 1774.; distinguishing each

Year, which is as far as the same can be made up; and also distinguishing what is imported into the Port of London, from what is imported into the Out Ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Warmingtoa Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the . ln?lofore- Parish of Warmington, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lolhen, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Eggers’* the-ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adtfor M*1-naturalizing Gujlav Nicolaus Eggers, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Surpluses, Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1773: And also,

Surplusses, stated the xoth Day of October 1773. '

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

VOL. 34.

7*

ABSTRACT

V

ABSTRACT of the said( Surplusses* Rated the 5th Day of April 1773.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fond

D

cq‘

1-h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oa

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1773; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought frori! Account (Folio 1) -

D° — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2)

D* — of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) -

To Money arisen by Sale of Unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii x®1-

Dr.

£. 577»i52 6 — i 67* 4-32 3*

343*'34 9 H

987,718 17 — i

3' 3 *

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii z61, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2 50 Georgii 2*

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii z^, brought to this Account pursuant to D° Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act i8° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1740, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act zo° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl -Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lii, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act The Duty of 3 /. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di -The Duty of 12 j. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act io* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act z 70 Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, P.^per, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii zd\ for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii z41 -

*773* pursuant to the £* * d*

14,469-----

9,484-----

16,169 11 9

25,080 17 nf 41,055----

108,869 — 3

2,421 — —

102,364 — 9| 121,222 13 4f

3,679 —

*5,905 9 if

14,18314

Per Contra - -

By the Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest; at £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5 th Day of January 1773, on the principal Sum of £. 38,557,758. 15/* zd. }, to which the Sum of £. 39,281,521. 5/. id. J charged on. this Fund fbeing Part of £-39,781,521, 5/. 1 made one Joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £*723,762*9/. 10d%\ for a proportional Part of £.732,975 subscribed and reaeemedin pwfuance of an Act xa* Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of April 1773, being after the Rate of £,3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.18,865,023. 16/. 4d. to which

£.19,183,323* 16/. 4d. charged on this Fund by the Adla ac Georgii adi, and 50 Georgii 3t4i, is reduced, by abating from the same £.318,300, subscribed and redeemed pursuant to an Act 120 Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto* for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s interest due the 5th Day of January 1773* being after the Rate of£. 3 per Centum per Annum, on£. 2,021,850, to which £.2,100,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund, by an Act 24* Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £.78,150, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act ia° Georgii 3th - . By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, and* charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1773 -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1773 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5-th Day of April 1773, on £.18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (mads one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 20 Georgii 3td) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Govern or and Company of the Rank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3111, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1773 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,990,787. 9s. 10d.\ remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1773 -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th’ Day of January 1773, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 310 Georgii zAi, which, by a Clmfe in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of* tfte first Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

Py the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders at the Treasury and Exchequer, and for Fees for examining and auditing Accounts of Annuities granted Awe 1756, from the 5th of

C'

C* d.

578,366 7 7f IO764 l; if

282,975 7 if

5»3°5 '5 9

30,327 15 — 568 12 lof

14,603 15 —

270 — —

379.7*6 —

5,339 ‘7

124,125 -

i.745 »° ‘i

1,403 13 2

19,6a

1

62 8 130 Aprilis. A. 1774.

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

'C

n

o

r

4*

C3

CO

H

to

O

H

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii i* The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii zdl -The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii z41 To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2dl - -

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retale Wine, the like ——

To D®---- of the Duty on Licences to retale Spirituous Liquors,

the like -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2J1, brought to this Account piirfu&fit to an Act 330 Georgii 2di -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Ad9 32° Georgii z41, and 50 Georgii 3ti] -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2Ji, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3tU -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts $3° Georgii 2di, and 6° Georgii il^9 brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2* and 6° Georgii 3"* ——

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3lU, and brought to this Account pursuanc to the same Act -To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii a*1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3rtl To the additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii jWj brought to this Account pursufent to an Act 4° Georgii VII -

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and bt several East India Goods, Ue. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3ti! - -

To the additional Duties upon Policies of AfTuranee, the like To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3*11 - -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, tsfr.* granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3tU - -

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 7® Georgii 3'* ——

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3° Georgii 3tH, brought to this Account pursuant to all Ad 8° Georgii 3tid -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii ' 3*41, brought to this Account puriaant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3ui ——

*8.434 — —

5.94* *- —

7,250 — —

31 *3*4

6,284 >3 3

1,120 12 IOj

17,649 — —

95.256 >4 11

>>935

>.738 — —

20,096 8 —

143,404 — —

24.735 — —

66,299 — —

223,548 — —

>5*93t 14 5

6O4

1,106 1 10 i

2,004 2 6|

6.309 9 8

26,314 3 9

2,812

1,215,001 8 9

2,202,751 it

July 1769 to the 12th of February 1771, of Annuities Anno 1758, £. $ per Cent. consolidated Annuities, and Long Annuities for a Years, to the 5th of April 1771, and £.4 per Cent, and reduced Annuities for 2 Years, to the 5 th of April 1771, and for Fees at the Pipe Office, on obtaining a Quietus, &c. - - 9,977 3 5

By the Usher of the Exchequer for Neceijaries - - - - 5 — 6

By Caffi taken in full of £. 1,856,723. 1 /. zeL granted by an Act 120 Georgii 3tU, towards

the Supply of the Year 1772 - - 387,398 2 7*

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1773* for the Disposition of Parliament -

1,852,558

350.193

v 7 7 4*

2,202,751 8 115

This being the 10ift Half Yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 9s Georgii jmi (page 367) is humbly presented this 13th Day of April 1774.

Grey Cooper.

Ws>

O

o

ON

so.

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, dated

g

(O'

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

o

o

cS

FT

Tiie Exchequer to the Sinking fund

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of Jpril 1773, for the Disposition of Parliament - *

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the-10th Day of GSiobir 1773; viz. £.

- Surplus of the Aggregate Fundt brought from Account (Folio 1) - x>l77»93

D° — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2) - l45Az9

D° of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3) . - - - 539»®27

J.

I)r

£- ' 356>l93 7

d.

4\

9i

9 9

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii iml -

1,863,195 3

3f

7 7 3x

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October , several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2di for the Service of the Year 1^31, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2^$ for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1*748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° , -

The Duty of bd. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6 Georgii i®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D#

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Giold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lil, and the Arrears of the Duties on DJ Repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

The Duty of 3/. 4 d. per Buftiel on Salt, bi ought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26* Georgii 2di -

The Duty of 12 /. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10 Georgii 2di,- for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dI - .

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of /. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2*

1773, pursuant to the £ *

20,680 11 5

13,080 4 4

*3.593 6 4 27.72i 5 —

48,557 — —

213,209 8 5

4,684 — — -

75,490 8 9^ 118,710 1 3I

5,788 — —

30,308 17 7f

24.134 2 1 21,780 2 4

the 10th Day of October 1773.

Per Contra - -- -I.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5 th Day of July 1773* on the principal Sum of £*38,557,758. 15/. 2 d.to which the Sum of £.39,281,521. 5'. id. \ charged on this Fund (being Part of £.39,781,521. 5/. id. made One Joint Stock of Annuities, by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the fame£.723,762. 9/. 10d for a proportional Part of £.732 975, subscribed and redeemed in purtuance of an Ail 12° Georgii 3tl4 -By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1773, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 18,865,023. 16/. 4*/. to which £. 19,183,323. 16/. 4d. charged on this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 21, and 50 Georgii 3lli, is reduced, by abating from the same £.318,300, subscribed and redeemed pursuant to an Act 120 Georgii 3til ..... By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the South Sea Company, to say Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1773, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum on £.2,021,850, to which £.2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dit is reduced, by abating from the same £.78,150, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 120 Georgii 3lii By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the Chief Cashier of the said South Sea Company, for his Trouble, and to reimburse the Charge of passing the Accounts of the said Annuities, granted per Act 240 Georgii zdi, for 3 Years, to the 5th Day of January 1769, and obtaining a Quietus on the fame, Wc. and also for passing his Account of Monies impreiled to him for paying the said Annuities 3 Years, to the 5th Day of January 1772 By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2d‘, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1773 By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor ship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii j,iJ, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1773 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1773, on £ 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20.240,000 (made One Joint Stock, of £.4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 20 Georgii 3lU) is reduced, by the Sum of £. i»z$3>70O having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities* with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3lii ..

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts 1° and 2* Georgii 3"*, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 31*1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1773 By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Half Year -By Ditto Tor Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,990,787. 9/. 10d.\ remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758 (wdiich Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1773 By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 17731 of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31° Georgii 2^, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - - - ‘-

578,366 7 7f

10,764 17 *£

*82 975 7 11

5-305 '5 9

30,327 15 — 568 12 lOf

1,040 l8 —

14,564 5 —

27O ---- —

379,726-----

5-339 '7 '»*

1*4,125 — — 1.745 »o 1 i

1,403 13 2

*3,990 9 5}

OS

00

o

o

<1

(\c\ pazYvy'cAQ

The additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii - - - 6,065 IO 5

O The several Rates and Dudes payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic t-» or Corporate, having certain Quantises of Silver Place, brought

to this Account-pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii act - - 5,376 —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers,

* granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2^ . - - - - *43,30^ 4 i t

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - 6,874 3 — :/

The Surplus of the new Duties on Licences to retale Wine, the like - 10,722 19 — f

D° — — of the Duties on Licences to retale Spirituous Liquors,

the like - 10,034 12

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii 2di - 168,839 19 — £

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - 986 — —

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, fer Acts 320 Georgii 3d1, and

50 Georgii 3d1 - - - - 1,881 — *

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Act 24° Georgii 2dl,

brought to this Account pursuant to Act 20 Georgii 3tU - - 33462 mm —

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33° Georgii 2^ and 6° Georgii atU, brought to thh Account pursuant to Acts z° and 6° Georgii 3*" ---- 1^3,849 — —

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act z° Georgii

3rU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - 34,813 — —

' The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii z*, brought

to this Account pursuant to one other Act to Georgii 3lU - - 229,578 ~ —

"The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii - 267,787 — —

The additional.Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, 13 c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU - - - 16,816 10 21%

The additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the Hke - - 78918 to

The additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made -a Part off this Fund by an Act <5*

Georgii jlIi - - - - IjOOOO — —

The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, 13c* granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3lU - 7,002 13 — §

The additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, granted by an Act 7* Georgii t11» brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 7* Georgii 3d* - 1,004 16 —

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillmgsimperted,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii j411 - 5,000 — —

The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by -an Act 3°

Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii StU - -- -- - 36,342 — 3

The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii \til, brought to this Account pnrfeaixt to the above Ad *8° Georgii 3 - 3*363 — —

..... 1,722,628 15

To Cash brought from the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1773, phrfaattt to an Act 13* Georgii 3d1, to replace to this Fund tha tike'Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the cth Day of July 2.77a, of the Fund established for paying Annuities in reaped of Five Millions, borrowed by virtue of an Act, made in the 3111 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Ytar 175B - -

3.5*5*3* 5

48,245 *

6

— 3>634»®76 1:

3,984*270 4

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to reimburse Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprefts, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing, the Accounts of the Dividend Warrants, paid for Annuities granted Anna 17569 for Half a Year and 38 Days, to the 12th of February 1771, for Annuities granted Anno 1758 Long Annuities and Consolidated £. 3 per. Centum Annuities for One Year, to the 5th of July 1771, and for £ 4 per Centum Consolidated Annuities and Reduced Annuities, One Year, to the 5th Day of April 1771 - - - 8,956 611

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1773, pursuant to an Act 130 Georgii 3tU, being the Surplus of this Fund, which remained for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1773 - - - - 7 4i

ty Cash taken in Part of £. 2,249,806. I2j. 7d.\ granted by the said Act, farther towards the Supply of the said Year 1773 2,164,606 — iif

3,984,270 4 61

This being the load Half Yearly Account, made of pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii i011 (Page 367) is humbly presented this 13th Day of 1774.

Grey Cooper,

7 2

ril

14 Geo. III. 13,° Jprilis.

63 i

*3

jtii 17^4.

Corn:

Oatmeal;

(Stirling.)

Ditto.

(Kilmarnock)

Ditto.

(Dumfries.)

Ditto.

(Sanquhar.)

Ditto.

(Annan.)

1

Ditto.

(Lpchmaben)

Ditto.

(Haddington)

Ditto.

(Port Glasgow.)

Ditto.

(Paisley.)

Ditto.

(Ayr.)

Linen Trade. (Sanquhar.)

Ditto.

(Lincoln.)

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, Dean of Guild, and remanent Members, of the Town Council of the Borough of Stirling, in Name of the several Communities and whole Inhabitants of the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Kil, in the County of Air: And also,

A Petition of the Provost and Baillies, and remanent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Dumfries, and of several others subscribing, Manufacturers in the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Sanquhar: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and remanent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of nan., &c.: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, of Lochmahen: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Town Council, for themselves and in Name of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Royal Burgh of Haddington: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of Port: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Paisley: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Ayr:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Hardships the Petitioners alledge they labour under, by so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and give such Relief as shall be thought proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to tie referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Ad to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Petition of the Provost and Baillies, and remanent Members of the Town Council, of the Borough of Sanquhar, and of several others subscribing, Manufacturers of Linen Yarn and Linen Cloth within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Quantity of Linen manufactured in this Country is greatly dimini (lied within these few Years; and that the Spinning of Yam for supplying the Ma-nufadurers in England is much decreased, and must be entirely given up, unless some Measure is adopted for the Support of that Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the same under Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as they shall judge most expedient for the Relief of the Linen Manufacture in this Country.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that it may be proposed to lay an additional Duty on the Importation of Foreign Linens; and that, if such Duty should take place, its Consequences would be very detrimental to the Woollen Manufacture of this

Kingdom, and to the Interest of the said County in particular: And therefore praying the House, That, in any Steps which may be taken for the Advantage of the Linen Trade, nothing may be done which shall tend to lower the Value of Wool.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

I *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bumand’. for naturalizing Paul Bumand, was read a Second Natl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tVhit*-worthy Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ludar Hoff ham, and Nicholaas was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hoffluua, and Bane's Nat.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Westminster to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts for paving, cleans- -c 1 ing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and also, the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of House9 in Piccadilly, as lie between Berkeley Street, and Hyde

Park Corner, within the Liberty of Westminster, were

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. Luke Idefon, Clerk to the Paving Committee for the Parish of Saint James, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have observed some Defects in the Provisions of the Acts for paving Westminster, particularly with regard to the WateF Companies taking up Pavements; to the regulating and entering Scavengers Contracts, which ought to be in a more summary Wav than at present; that idle Persons go about and collect Dull and Allies, though not appointed Scavengers by the Commissioners or Committees, to the great Injury of the Contradors; — that it is a common Practice for the Scavengers to sweep Dirt into the Sewers, or so near them, that it is waftied in by the Rains, to the great Detriment of the Public; — that the present Mode of paying off Money borrowed by equal Proportions, is found inconvenient; — that there is no Clause forpunish-ing Persons forging Assignrfients or Certificates, nor any Power to sue for Rates, which is found very inconvenient in Cafes where the Landlords are answerable for the Rates, and live at a great Distance, and also sometimes where the Tenants remove; — that Money is frequently loft in collecting the Rates, by Persons removing a short Time before the Quarter Day; — that Justices are not required to indorse Warrants for collecting Rates; — that there is no reciprocal Appeal allowed; — that the present Mode of removing Nuifences has been found ineffectual in the following Articles; videlicet, driving Wheelbarrows on the Foot Pavement; in Carriages, Calks, and other Obstructions, being allowed to remain Six Hours before Removal; throwing Tiles and Rubbish from the Tops of Houses; carrying long Poles, Planks, Ladders, Boxes, Trunks, and other Things, upon the Foot-7 ways;

14 Geo. III. 13° Aprilis, 633

ways; and by Brokers and other Traders letting Goods on the Footways, and in other Matters of the like Sort.

Mr. William Moss, Mr. George Nixon, and Mr. David Forrester, confirmed the foregoing Evidence with retpeft to Nuisances. And,

Mr. George Box, Clerk to the Commissioners, and Mr. Fowler, Treasurer, confirmed the lame, as iar as relates to the Inconveniences attending the present Mode of paying oft' Money.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Park Corner, were

read; whereby it appears, that the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution, are required to cause the Street from Berkeley Street in Piccadilly, to Hyde Park Gate, to be watered during the dry Weather, and when the Dull is troublesome to Passengers, and the Expence of Catering the same is to be defrayed out of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts.

And it appeared to your Committee, That by ap Ad, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads are 'll iicharged from the Management of so much of Piccadilly as lies between Clarges Street and Hyde Park Corner; and also from the Management of the Road from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street; and the said Hoads are by the said Act put under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners for paving the several Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and by the said Act

a clear annual Sum of One thousand Pounds is directed to be paid to the said Commissioners, out of the *' Tolls collected at Hyde Park Corner, to be applied as

therein is directed. Then,

Mr. George Box, Clerk to the said Commissioners, was examined; who informed your Committee, That in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, the Commissioners have caused the Street from Hyde Park Corner to Clarges Street, to be paved.

Mr. John Garden and Mr. John Wriglit, Inhabitants of Piccadilly, being examined, informed your Committep, That while the Street from Hyde Park Corner to Berkeley Street, remained under the Direction and Management of the Trustees appointed by the said former Acts, the whole Carriage Way of the Street, from Berkeley Street aforesaid, to Hyde Park Gate, used to be watered, at the Expence of the said Trustees, in dry Sea-fons, but that since the Trustees of the Turnpike have been discharged from the Care of the said Street, the same hath not been effectually watered in dry Sealbns, and that the Dull is frequently very troublesome to the Inhabitants, and to Persons passing and repassing along the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for remedying some Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleans.ng, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of Piccadilly, as lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner: And that Sir Charles Whit-worth, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Mr.

WyIdLore, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Selwyn, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Moorfields Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to wjihimAbWy the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Canal. 1 Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council

assembled, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Vo L. 34-

City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of Thames the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the and Ifi* Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving ^avigat>on* and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London, and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, within the said Liberties; and letting forth, That the said Bill is founded upon a Petition, wherein it is alledged, that the Corporation of are

either unable or unwilling to take Steps for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, in the First District; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners have been at a great Expence, from Time to Time, to remove Nuisances, and prevent Incroachments upon the said River, and have ordered a Survey and Estimate to be made for the Improvement of the Navigation Westward within their Jurisdiction; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights, Privileges, and Interests, of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London will be invaded; and that the Petitioners are desirous to retain their Rights and Franchises, and are willing to improve the said Navigation to the utmost of their Abilities: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time , and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That.Couhfel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April.

Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order* reported Fitzmaurice from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Plantation Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate. Estate of UlyJJ'es Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and- for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House American to resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, to Colonies, take into further Confederation His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday, the 7th Day of March last, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th and nth Days of March last, by His Majesty’s Command, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

634 *3° — H*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morriing

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

W»y* and Resolved, That this House willy upon Friday Morning

Mean*, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A 1.774.

thereunto, which they had directed him to report.to the Houseand he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Francii Vincent have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Laleham Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 29th Day Inclosure. of Marchlaft, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, Tomorrow Morning, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April.

Potterhan- Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure concerne<^ *n the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of hawworth, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon the 21st Day of March last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in* formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisr 140 Aprilis\

Anno 14* Georgii III‘n Regis, 1774.

Prayirs.

Ludborough T O R D Brozvnlozv Bertie reported from the Com-Indofore. A mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln, waslcommitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Proprietor of Land, of the Annual Value of Four Pounds, who could not be found; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed is upwards of £. 530. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and tpade several Amendments

Lord Brawnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, wroot to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person whose Estate is assessed to the Land Tax at One Shilling per Annum; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed ar? assessed to the Land Tax at £. 5. 17 j. 4 per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had.gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Birmingham Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term to and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Wanmngtan, Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Road, Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Re.ign of King '

George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to and

from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge-hill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through,

to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County, on Edgehill aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exche- >jpj,e quer, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven Sinking Fund . hundred and Seventy-four, for the Disposition of Parlia- Account.

ment, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Sur-plufies, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title- of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Cora:

Oatmeal.

(Greenock.)

Ditto.

(Dyfert.)

Bank of Scotland.

Corn: Oatmenl.

14 Geo. III. 140 .

' To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excelfes, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

THE Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings.

Edwd

Exchequer, the 14th Day of April 1774.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House. " An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation

"of Corn," as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Ma- into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now nufacturers of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew: read.

And also, And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee, the Burgh of Dyfert; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Complaining of the Hardships the Petitioners Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, alledge they labour under, by lo much of an Act,

paired in the last Session of Parliament, for A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, Linen Trade, regulating the Importation and Exportation of Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Woollen (Custompton) Corn, as relates to the Importation of Oatmeal Trade of the Town and Parish of Custompton, in the into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: County of Devon, was presented to the House, and

And praying the House to take the same into read; Setting forth. That the Woollen Manufacture, Consideration, and give such Relief as shall be in making of Serges, Duroys, Sagathees, and divers thought proper. other Sorts of Woollen Goods, hath, for several Hun-

And the kid Petitions were severally ordered dred Years pall, been the principal Employment and to be referred to the Consideration of the chief Support of the Inhabitants of the said Parish,

Committee of the whole House, to whom and others adjacent; which Goods have been sent to it is referred to consider of so much of an Germany, Flanders, Russia, Holland, and other Places,

Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign and bartered for Linens imported from thence; and of His present Majesty, intituled, " An that the Woollen Trade hath, for Ten Years last pall,

" Act to regulate the Importation and greatly declined, and the several Prices for the same " Exportation of Corn," as relates to the considerably lessened; and that the Petitioners are Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of informed it is intended to lay an additional Duty on all Great Britain called Scotland. Foreign Linens, which, they are fully persuaded, mull

materially affect, if not totally destroy, the Woollen Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Trade of this Kingdom, and add greatly, if it may be, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the present Distresses of the poor Manufacturers upon the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of thereof, and of those in the said Parish in particular: the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of And therefore praying the House will take the same into the said Company, be now read. their moll serious Consideratio^.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ireland. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 13th A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Vol. 34. 7 Z Canal

6^6 Aprilis. ^.1774/

Air Canal Navigation, from Leeds to Liverpool, was prt- the Petitioners conceive, to a Right of Common upon and Calder fented to the House, and read > Setting forth, That, in the Waste Lands to be divided under the said Act,

Navigation, consequence of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of they made their Claims thereto; which Claims being

' ee s an,) j^ejga Df pjjs present Majesty, for making and referred to the Arbitrators by the said Act appointed;

maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Let eh it was discovefed that Mi Hakes 'were made in the De- Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Ladies scriptions of such Tenements, or some Parts thereof;

Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and that, notwithstanding the said Errors arose merely and from thence to the River Mersey, the Petitioners from Inadvertency, and in no Ilefpeft altered the Merits^ have made great Progress in the said Canal, and have of the Petitioners Claims, the Arbitrators did not think: expended upwards of ^.150,000 thereon, and are fit to permit the Petitioners to rectify the fame; but, proceeding in the Work with all possible Expedition; merely on Account of the said Errors, they dil-and taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed allowed the said Claims, so far as concerned the Tene-in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of ments comprehended in such erroneous Descriptions j

King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a

" making and keeping navigable the Rivers Air and Bill is depending, for amending the said Act: And " Calder, in the County of Yorkand for improving the refore praying. That Provision may. be made, by the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland to such Bill, for enabling the Petitioners to make, and the

the River Ouze; and for making a Navigable Canal Commissioners named in the said Act to receive, their from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the Claims of Common Right, for the Tenements aforesaid;

River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said and that the Petitioners may have the same heard, and County; and further letting forth. That it will be of be intitled to the tiki Benefit in respect thereof as they great Consequence to the said Counties of York and would have been entitled to under the said former Act,

Lancaster, and to the Public in general, as well as to the in case ho Error had been made therein'; subject never-Petitioners, that the said Navigation of the River Air theless to such Restrictions as to the House shall seem should be enlarged and improved, so that Vessels of meet. '

Burthen may freely pals through the said Navigations, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the between the Port6 of Hull and Liverpool, without the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to Obstruction and Damage of unloading and changing amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign Bottoms; and that the Improvements proposed by the of His present Majesty, intituled, " Act Act for dividing Undertakers of the said Navigation of the Rivers Air " and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District and Calder, in the said Bill, as in the Plans and Pro- " called the Forest of in the County of

pofals offered to the Public, are inadequate to this " York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; important Object; and that there are several Clauses " and for other Purposes therein mentioned," is com-inserted in the said Bill, which, if palfed into a Law, mitted.

will tend to obstruct the Freedom of Trade on the said Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Rivers, and expose it to all the injurious ‘ Elfefts of a Committee, That they have Power so make Pfevtfion

Monopoly; and that the Petitioners are informed, in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said T

that the said Undertakers have entered into Engage- Petition.

ments with sundry Persons, to abridge and contract - "

the said proposed Improvements; and that the Tolls, Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Carlton

Rates, or Duties, which they propose to take on the to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge, said *Rives9, are greater than many important Branches Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of of Trade will bear: And therefore praying, That, if the York: And the same was received; and read the First

said Bill pass into a Law, the said Undertakers maybe Time.

thereby obliged to make such effectual Improvements Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, in the said Navigation, as will render the Communi- .

cation between Hull and Liverpool generally useful; Colonel Barre presented to the House, according to Ellington that such Clauses may be inserted as will preserve the Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Freedom of Trade on the said Rivers; that the said Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Undertakers be not impowered to take greater Tolls, Commons, within the Manor, Parish, arid Liberties, of Rates, or Duties, than are necessary for making and Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same supporting the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners was received; and read the First Time, may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and receive

such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem An ingrossed Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Ficzmaurlce’i

Plantation Estate.

Basingrtoke through Wortin, 4cc. to Mullens Pond, Road.

meet. Plantation and Estate of Uljjyes Fitzmaurice, Esquire,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the deceased, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold, Consideration of a Committee, to whom the said Bill for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by mentioned, was read the Third Time, themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, their Petition, if they think fit. An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Plantation

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- and Estate of Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein men-feid Petition. tioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill KnareiWough A Petition of Daniel Lascelles, Esquire, Oliver Coghito the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Inclosure R*clu, re» Sir Savile Slingsby, Baronet, and the Reverend

nc 0 urc. William Rotindell, was presented to the House, and read; An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers

Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and in- Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and doling such of the Open Parts of the District called widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, the Forest -of Knaresborough, in the County of York, Overton, Whitchurch, Httrfborn Pryors, Andover, and as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Pe- Place called Corner, in the Parish of Winter-

titioners being feiled of divers Tenements intitled, as flow, in the County of Wilts; for including the Road ? from

14<JE0. III.

I48 dprilis

0

from Spittle House, over We to Mullens Pond, as directed, by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of hi* said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton- towards Tang ley, and from

Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Wto Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke, was read the Third Time.

R efolved.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act* made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Whitchurch, Hur/born Pryors, Andover, and Middle in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of in the County of

Wilts; for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton towards Tangley, and from to Clanfield Bottom,

and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke.

Ordered That Sir John Griffin Griffin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

K.iddera>inster An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Iaclosure. Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Jt Westminster, in the Parish of

in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dozodeftvell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bewdley A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, *oads* made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of 7his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively,’’’ was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zutll. Sir Echvard Wimington,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oxenton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosure. Common Fields, Hills, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. well, Mr. Ward, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s -Chamber.

Defford Mr. Dowdesw(ll presented to the House, according Common, £0 Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several ramage, c. Qp^ an(| Common Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Worcester-, and for draining and levelling, and all’o for regulating the flocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Moorfields A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and to Tenements, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint WaltCa^>a\bbey Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and (St. Luke, Saint John Hackney, in the County of , whole

&c.) Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

Yol. 34.

A Petition of the Owners 4nd Occupiers of Lands Ditto, and Tenements, in the Parishes of Tottenham, (Tou"h*<n»&«J

Enfield, Cheshunt, and Waltham Abbey, in the Counties of Middlesex, Herts, and Essex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands Ditto, and Tenements, in the Parishes of Waltham Abbey,

Epping, and Cheshunt, in the Counties of Hertford and 'l' c' Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is depending, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Moorfields to Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex, and to communicate with the River Lee, near Lee Bridge, by a Branch from the said Canal \ and that it appears, by the proposed Plan, that the said Cut, or Canal, is intended to be carried through the Property of the Petitioners, and other Persons; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied that the said Cut, or Canal, will be attended with great Advantage to the Property of the Petitioners and other Persons interested in the Lands and Tenements y

' through or near to which the said Cut, or Canal, is to be carried, as well as to the Convenience and Utility of the Public in general: And therefore praying the House, That all proper Encouragement may be given to the said Undertaking) and that a Bill may be brought in, for completing the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall appear reasonable.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ditto, other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Wal-thamfiow and Lowlayton, in the County of , whose ow* c’* Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ditto, other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Saint (St. Luke, Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew &Ci) Bethnal Green, and Saint John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names ai^e thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and (Ditto.) other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and Saint John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Dhto. other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Totten-ham, Edmonton, and Enfield, in the county of ,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Petition) and Setting forth. That the said Cut, or Canal, will greatly contribute to the Convenience and Cheapness of Communication betwixt London and Waltham, and the Country adjoining; will improve the Property of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates contiguous to the said Cut or Canal) and be of great Service to the Public in general: 'And therefore praying, That the said Plan of making the said Cut, or Canal, may he adopted by Parliament, and be carried into Execution, under such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported Ditto, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord

Mayor,

14* Aprilis. A. 1774.

Moorfieldi Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lott-. t04,. don, in Common Council assembled, was referred; j^nal. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 3 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Whitworth, a Surveyor, being examined, produced to your Committee, a Plan of a Navigable Canal intended to be made from Moorfields to Waltham with a Branch to the River j a printed Copy of which

Plan is annexed to the Report. And being asked, If the carrying of that Plan into Execution is practicable ? he said, It is much easier to execute, than most that have been made; and that he had been employed in Things of that Nature many Years. And being asked, If, in the Course of his Survey, he had endeavoured to do as little Damage as might be, by the Canal, to private Property ? he said, He had. And being asked. Whether any Canal could be better or more ealily supplied with Water, than the one proposed ? he said. No one that he had ever seen could; that the Lands on the Banks of Canal Navigations, in moll Countries, arejincreased in their Value by Means of the Canal; that it will require only One Horse to navigate a Vessel of 40 Tons Burthen on the proposed Canal; and that it generally requires about 80 Horses to draw the like Weight by Land. And being asked. Whether Vessels can be navigated up the River Lee in Times of Floods ? he laid, It is impossible; but that, on the intended Canal, they might. And being asked, Whether he had made any Estimate of the Expence of carrying the proposed Scheme into Execution ? he said, He had; that it will be necessary to purchase a considerable Quantity of Land; that he had valued it at £. 90 per Acre, except a small Part, being the Branch to Lee Bridge, which he had valued at £. 50 per Acre 3 and that, admitting his Estimate of that Article to be sufficient, the Expence of making the proposed Canal, including every Thing, will be £.55,810. And being asked, How much Land mud necessarily be purchased for making the Canal ? he said,'i40 Acres for the Line, and for the Branch. And being asked, Whether, from his Knowledge and Experience in those Kinds of Works, he could, with any Degree of Certainty, say, that the Sum of Money above-mentioned will be sufficient to complete the Work, as it appears upon the Plan? he said, He could, except the Estimate of the Value of the Land should fall short. And being asked. How he proposed to supply the Canal with Water? he said, From the River Lee; which, in his Opinion, will not affect the Mills thereon so much as the present Navigation on it does And being asked. If the Canal will be as cheap and expeditious a Conveyance as Land Carriage ? he said. That supposing the Tonnage laid at One Penny Halfpenny per Mile, it will be but One Fifth of the Expence, and equally expeditious; and that he believed the carrying of the proposed Scheme into Execution, will be of Advantage to Trade, and of public Utility. And being asked, If he included the Damage to be done to Land by Fences, or otherwise, in the Value he set upon the Part to be taken at £. 90 per Acre ? he said. The temporary Damage done in the Execution of the Work, is not included in the Sum of £. Acre, but that the Fences necessary on the Towing Paths are made a separate Article, and the Damage done by dividing Fields he luppoled included in the Price of the Land; and that, in all Cases where Fields are divided. Bridges are allowed. And being asked, If the Damage the Mills now suffer by the old Navigation, will be remedied by the Canal ? he said,. It is supposed that in that Length there will not be much passing on the old River. And being asked. Whether the Water being taken out of the River Lee, will be a Prejudice to that

Navigation ? he said, The Water required for the Canal will not be any sensible Detriment. And being asked. To what Extent he was acquainted with the River Lee ? he said, As high as Waltham Abbey. And being, asked. Whether he could say, that as far as that Place, there is not sometimes, in dry Seasons, . a Want of Water ? he said, That upon the Shoals thrown up. at the Tails of the Locks, there is; and that it is the same with all River Navigations; that the Method of getting over those Shoals, is to draw the Upper Clough of the Lock; which occasions great Waste of Water.. And being asked, If that Method will be sufficient when the additional Quantity of Water is taken away by the proposed Canal ? he said, He supposed it will,; that the; Quantity taken will be so small as not to be perceived; and that, as he supposed, the Decreale of Draught Water in the River will not be the Eighth of an Inch. And-being asked, If he had accurately calculated the Quantity, of Water that will be necessary for the Canal ? he said,: That is absolutely impossible. And being asked. If die had surveyed all the Mills which will be affected by taking Water out of the River Lee he said, He had seen.some of them below Waltham; and that the present Navigation pens so close upon their Tails, that if some Water was taken from the lliver, it would in moll Sea-Ions be of Service to them. And being asked. Whether he meant when the Water is high or low ? he said. When it is above a mean. State. And being asked. Whether the Mills, which he^had surveyed, could be prejudiced ? he said. He knew that no Mills could be sensibly affected. And being asked, How wide the Canal is intended to be made ? he said. He supposed it to be, 6a Feet at the Surface of the Water in level Cutting; where there is Banking, extra Cutting, or Buildings int the Way, it is to be contracted; and that it is to be 4: Feet and a Half deep; that in some Places it will be level with the adjacent Lands, in some below,' and in others above them: That at the highest Part, which will be below Hackney, it must be 20 Feet above the Surface of the Country; and that in that and other Places, where the Water is to be raised so high, the Basis of the Work must be 150 Feet; but that he did not know of any Part of the intended Canal where the Water was intended to be above the Level of the Land, except where-it is necessary. And being asked, Whether, in those Lands where he meant to raise the Water above their-Level, he supposed the Canal to be an Improvement, to them ? he said. There will always be Drains to take the superfluous Water away at any Time. And being asked. If he knew that fu’ch Drains often fail lo to do ? he said; It is very easy to make them take it off in any Case. And being asked. Whether adjacent Lands are not often damaged, for want of drawing Locks and Pens of Water ? he said. There will be no Pens on this Canal; except One at the regulating Lock,. One Mile and a Half from Waltham Abbey, the Waste Water being to be thrown off by Wiers. And being asked. Whether, besides the Advantages which he had stated, as likely to arise from making the Canal, he had any View, of serving the City of London with Water ? he laid. It will be too low to supply Houses in general with Water, but that it may furnish some to cleanse Sewers, or in Cafes of Fire. And being asked. How many Locks there are to be on the Canal ? he said. Only One in the Line, as is marked on the Plan. And being asked, If a small Quantity of Water would not therefore be necessary to keep the Canal navigable ? he said, A very small Quantity would; and that the Water which fills the regulating Lock, may be immediately thrown back into the River Lee, and will be above all the Mills. And being

asked, Whether the New Cuts on the River Lee have not removed all the Obstacles on that Navigation ? he said. He had heard they now exist, and was told so last July or August; that he supposed the Navigation of the River Lee, between Waltham and the Thames, will not be so much used if the Canal is made. And being

asked.

14 Geo. III. 14* Apr His.

639

asked, What is the Space between whefe the Water is to be taken out of the River , and where it is to be returned to it? he said, It is 10 Miles and a Half. And being asked, How many Locks there are on the Old Navigation ? he laid, Nine; and that if a great Part of the Traffick now carried on by the River be removed to the Canal, there will certainly be a great Saving of Water to the River; and that he is very certain by the present Mode of Navigation, more Water is taken from the Mills than will be by the Canal. And being asked, Whether any of the Brooks which cross the North Road might be taken into the proposed Canal ? he said, They all might; but that a Glass Mill might be injured by it, and that it was not proposed to take in any of them; that if the Traffick on the River Lee be diminished, the Mills will be able to keep up a Head of Water for their Supply more constantly. And being asked. Whether all Waste of Water mutt not be supplied from the River Lee ? he laid. If the Works be properly executed, he supposed no Banks would break. And being asked, If he supposed the Water at the Mill Tails will be continued there, by taking the Water away from above them? he said, The Canal will not take the Water from the Heads of the Mills, so much as the present Navigation on the River Lee does; and that though the Mills do y?ant Water in the dry Seasons, the Canal will not add to that Inconvenience; that he meant all the Mills from Waltham Abbey to the End of the Canal in Moorfields. And being asked. Whether, for any Water to be taken from Tottenham Mills, Hackney , and Hackney Water Works, an equal Quantity was to be returned ? he said. No: It is importable. And being asked. Whether a Quantity is brought in, equal to what is afterwards taken from the Mills ? he said, It is impossible for a Vessel to pass a Mill without taking a Lock full of Water, which mutt be a Loss to the Mills. And being asked,' What is the Difference between the Level of the Branch at Hackney and Waltham Abbe he said, 38 Feet and 5 or 6 Inches; that in the scarcest Time of Water, he estimated that the Water would stand 5. Feet and 5 or 6 Inches higher above than below the regulating Lock, and when the Water was highest, he supposed about 3 Feet more; that it will always rife as the Floods rife, but he did not know how high they do rife there exactly; that the Distance from the regulating Lock to the Occupation Bridge in Cheshunt is about Seven

Furlongs and Four Chains, and from thence to the River from Waltham Abbey, 3 Furlongs and a Half. And being asked. Whether the Canal would be passable to Waltham. Abbey in Times of Floods ? hd said, It always will, to the Occupation Bridge, and from thence to the Turnpike Road from Waltham Abbey to Waltham Cross. And being asked, Whether that Road is always passable to Waltham Abbey ? he said, No; but that from the Point where the Canal is to come up to that Road, to Waltham Cross, is always passable; and that the Reason why there is no going at all Times to Waltham from the Occupation Bridge,: is, because the Turnpike Road is not. always passable, by reason of Floods. And being asked. What will be the Length of the Canal, from the intended Bason in Moorfields to the Pott of Business near Holloway Mount he said. From :the

Center of the Bason at One Place, to the Center of the Bason at the other, will be Half a Mile, wanting . 2 Chains; and from thence'to the Extent.of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, 2 Furlongs: and a Half;:.that in that Space,:die Canal.will pass the Turnpike Road at Windmill Hill, the Curtain Road, and Shoreditch I Two Foot Paths, and crosses. Twod Pieces of Garden Ground in Shoreditch Parish, beldnging to:Mr. Ourry; and that One. Hohfe, besides those whish ate the Property of the City, mutt be pulled dawn for the Passage of the Canal ;.'and that heyond the City Land, of which be could hot say ho\y. much. wasi to-.betaken,. only One separate. 1 qclo£ure.woukf . he divided:; that no Communication Bridges for Land will be necessary in that Space;

Vol. 34.

that there mutt be 3 gfeat Road Bridges, 27 Feet in Moorfielda Span, and 12 high, above the Surface of the Water; Walthlt°Abbc viz. 2 in the Road, 20 Feet broad, and One at - Carnal. 1

ditch, 40, all of Brick; that there mutt be 2 Foot Bridges, of the same Span and Height as the others, from 2 Feet and a Half to 3 Feet wide, and of Wood; that 13 Chains of the Canal in the 2 Lower Moorfields, from the Center of the Lower Bason to the Top of Middle Moorfields, will be 6 Feet above the present Level, and 21 Chains through Windmill Hill and Upper Moorfields, will be below the present Level; the deepest Part of Windmill Hill 11 Feet, and from thence to the End of the Parish nearly level; that the general Extent of the Base of the Work in that Parish will be 25 Yards; the East Bank 12 Feet wide, and only a Towing Path on the West; that there will be One Stop Gate at the Curtain Road, and 2 Sluices out of the Lower Bason in Moorfields, of 20 Inches square each; that from the End of this Division, to Bethnal Green, will be near a Mile and 3 Furlongs; in which Space the Canal will pass One Turnpike Road at Hackney Turnpike, One Lane, and Two'Footways, feme small Garden Grounds, the Number of which he did not know; that a small House in Cock Lane, belonging to a Weaver, mutt be pulled down for the Passage of the Canal; that 8 separate Inclosures will be divided; One Communication Bridge wanted; One great Road' Bridge, 27 Feet in Span, and 12 above the Surface of the Water; One small Bridge! in Cock Lane, 10 Feet wide, and of Brick; and 2 Foot Bridges; that in this Space, no Part of the Canal will be above the present Level, nor more than Four Feet and a Half below it, except where Brick Earth has been dug; that the general Extent of the Base of the Work will be 60 Feet, and 15 for a Towing Path; all level Cutting, and no Banks, Stop Gates, Sluices, Weirs,

Culverts, or Drains. And being asked. What Provi-iion is intended to be made for carrying off Water from the Ditches, which will be interfered by the Canal ? he said, There are no Ditches to interfedt. And being asked.

What will be the Length of the Branch at Lee Bridge ? he said, 3 Furlongs, or thereabouts; in which there will by 3 Locks 95 Feet long each, 16 Feet wide, and to lift 11 Feet Water; that each Lock will be about 6.

Minutes filling, and the same Time emptying; that the Length of the Canal from Bethnal Gretn to will be 3 Miles and 2 Furlongs; in which Space it will pass One Turnpike Road at Lee Bridge, 4 private Roads and Lanes, 2 Foot Paths, and will divide 37 separate Inclosures; the Number of Communication Bridges for Land, he could not tell; that One great Road Bridge, at Lee Bridge Road, will be wanted, 27 Feet Span, and 12 wide.; and small Bridges of the same Span and Height; Two. of them 15 Feet wide, and Two 12 Feet; and 2 Foot Bridges; that 20 Chains of the Canal at hackney Brook,w\\\ be above the present Level, at the

highest Part, 22 Feet; and 28 Chains below Clapton will be below the present Level, the deepest-Part 14 Feet; that the greatest Extent of the Base of the Work in this Part will be about 158 Feet; that there must be Two Stop Gates, One between Groves Street and Well Street, and One at Hommerton; that there must be 2 Sluices near the Stop Gates, about 20 Inches square, and One Weir, 30 Feet long,'laid level with the Surface of the Water, near the Brook below Clapton; that the Canal will pals 3 Brooks; that there must be One Culvert at Hackney Brook, 12 Feet Diameter, and 15S Feet long, and 2-others of 3 Feet Diameter, One 4^ Yards long, the other 30; that the Back Drains will be One Foot deep, and 2 Feet wide. And being asked; What Provision is intended to be made for carrying off the Water from the Ditches which will be interfered by the Canal ? he said, He did not know of any Ditches; that the Canal will pass through One Orchard; that the Length of the Canal, from the End of Hackney to the Extent of the; Parish of Tottenham, is 2 Miles and a Half; in which Space it will pass One Turn-

8 A pike

Mpovfic’ds

to

W^rham Abbey

Canal.

640 140 Apfitis. . 1774*

pike Road at Stanford Hill, 6 Lanes, 2 Foot Paths, One Garden at the Corner of Hangers Lane, through 30 separate Inclosures; from all of which, except Two, it will cut something; that the Number of Occupation Bridges cannot be ascertained till the Works are set out, as he did not know how the Laods are occupied; that there must be One great Road Bridge at Stamford Hilly 30 Feet wide, the Span of the Arch 27 Feet, and 12 Feet high from the Surface of the Water; and other Bridges, about 15 Feet wide each, their Spans all alike, and 3 Foot Bridges; that 15 Chains of the Canal in Mr. Bell’s Ground must be above the present Level, in the highest Part 9 Feet; that the Bank from Stamford Hill to ‘Tottenham High , will be 6 Furlongs, the highest Part 19 Feet and a Half; that there will be l'orne Banking from the Corner of the Kitchen Garden Wall at Bruce Castle, to a little below the lower End of the Garden, in Length about 22 Chains, and about 5 Feet high, and from thence to White Hart Latte about 20 Chains, at the highest Part 14 Feet and a Half; that the greatest Extent of the Bale of the Work below Stamford Hill will be 146 Feet, the Top of the Bank on each Side 12 Feet, supposing the Batik to be raised One Foot above the Water; that there must be One Stop Gate at Stamford Hill, One in Philip's Lane, and One in White Hart Latte; and Three Sluices near those Places, each 20 Inches square; and One Weir near Philip's , and One near White Hart Lane, the Dimensions about 30 Feet each: — That the Canal will pals Two Brooks, and there must be Two Culverts, One at Stamford Hill, circular, and Nine Feet in Diameter; the other near White Hart,

and of the same Dimensions: — That the Back Drain will be about One Foot deep, and Two wide, where wanted; and that no Ditches are interfered by the Canal, except such as the Water will naturally fell into the Hollows of the Two Brooks, and be carried off by the Culverts, by the common Water Course or Fall into the Canal, and be carried off by the Weirs: — That the Canal will go through One Nursery, Two planted Avenues, and Ten Yards. And being asked. Flow tire Road is to be turned at Hanger's Lane ? he laid. To the upper Side of the Canal, for about One Furlong, in which Space it will pass through One Garden. And being asked, What is the Distance from the House on the North Side to the South Side of that Lane ? he laid, He did not know the Distance, but was certain there is Room for the lload and the Canal, as the latter may be there contracted to 27 Feet, and will be level on the lower Side; but that a Bridge may be made in the Lane to go under the Canal, if more agreeable than diverting the Road; that the Expence of it is not in the Estimate, but that, as the Land to be taken up by the Road, in same it is turned, is accounted for in the Estimate, the Difference may be about £. 60: — That after the Canal passes by Virginia Row, it will not pass any Building: — That from ‘Tottenham, to the Extent df Edmonton, the Length of the Canal will be Two Miles and a Half, in which Space it will pass Three Turnpike Roads, through One Garden in Church Street, and Two finall Orchards: — That One Barn in Church Street must be pulled down, and Ten Inclosures be divided: — That the Canal will pass Four Common Fields, but what Number of Properties will be divided in them he could not tell, nor how many Communication Bridges' will be wanted, not knowing how the Lands- are occupied: — That Three great Road Bridges will be wanted, Two of 15 Feet wide, and One of 20: — That 15 Chains of the Canal, At Tanner's End, will be above the present Level, at the highest Place 11 Feet and 3 7-Chains; from Church Street to Bury Street, 5 Feet at the highest Place; that 17 Chains at Highfield vt\h\ be below the present Level, the deepest Part of which will be 3 Feet; that there must be One Stop Gate at the Bridge in Church' Street, Two Sluices, ao Indies square. One in the Church Field, the other near ‘tamer's Ends’ that the 2

Canal will pass One Brook at Tamer's End, One in Church Field, and a Watercourse at the Glass Mill; that there miuft be Culverts, 2 of 12 Feet wide, and about 9 high; One of 6 Feet Diameter and circular; and One Three Feet Diameter; that no Weirs will be necessary; that from Edmonton to the regulating Lock will be 2 Miles, 5 Furlongs, and a Half, in which Space the Canal will pass One Turnpike Road at Ponder’s End, One Lane in Green Street, One Orchard, 19 separate Inclosures, 5 Common Fields, and Part of a Common Marsh; but what Number of separate Properties will be divided, he could not tell, nor how many Communication Bridges will be necessary; that One great Road ' Bridge 20 Feet wide, and as high as the others, will be wanted at Ponder's End; Three small Bridges, One at Potter's Lane, One in Green Street, and One ai the regu- ' lating Lock, 15 Feet wide each; that 30 Chains of the Canal in Wild Marsh will be above the present Level, the highest Part about Feet; and 40 Chains, at Ponder's End, below the present Level, the deepest Part at the Turnpike Road about 8 Feet; that there must be One Stop Gate and One Sluice at or near Green Street; that the Canal will pass One Brook in Endfield East; that there must be 2 Culverts in Endfield East Field, or One small Aqusedudt; that One Culvert 6 Feet wide must be in Green Street, and One 3 Feet wide below Durance. And being asked, By what Means the Canal must be supplied with Water by the regulating Lock ? he said, Fie supposed there will be double the Number of Boats of Burthen pass through that Lock as will pass through the other 3 at Lee Bridge, every one of which will bring a Lock full of Water with it, which he supposed will be sufficient to supply the Canal, and that he had not supposed any other Supply necessary; but if any other should be required, it is easy to take any of the Brooks that can be spared from the Mills, which are crofted by tlje Canal. And being asked, Whether he supposed, when the New Canal is made, so many Barges will pals into the Thames as at present? he said. He supposed there will. And being asked, How many Houses belonging to the City Estate would be pulled down for the Passage of the Canal ? he said, He did not know; nor whether any of them are inhabited; but that there will be no good ones taken down. And being asked, Into what Sewer the Two Sluices in Lower Moarfields will empty themselves? he said. Into the Great Sewer near London Wall. And being asked. What will be the Height of the Bridge in Shoreditch Street, above the present Surface of the Road ? he said. About 10 Feet and a Half, and that the Canal will be below the Street. And being asked. What is the Width of Shoreditch Street, Footways included ? he laid. He supposed between 60 and 70 Feet; that the Height of the Bridge at Stamford Hill will be about 12 Feet and a Half above the Surface; of the Road there, which is 40 Yards wide between the Hedges; that the Occupation Bridge at Mr. Wharf will be 14 Feet and a Half wide, that at Upper about 12. Feer, and that at Ponder’s End 6 Feet and a Half; that the Road at the last mentioned Place he supposed to be about 24 Yards wide, including the Foot Paths, and the Laqe leading from Tottenham Church about 14 and a Half; that in the George, Avenue,

the Canal will be funk 2 Feet and a Half; and in the Avenue leading from Bruce to the

Banks will be about 5 Feet high. And being asked. What Road is intended to be. made, in lieu of -that which will be flopped between N° in and N° 112 of the Plan ? he, laid, It will be turned through N* 113. And being asked. How near the Canal will go to Mrs. Fonereau's Garden? he laid, The Foot of the Bank will be near the Pales. And being asked, Where he should get Earth to make the Banks between Stanford and Tottenham High Cross ? he said. Part of it in the deep Cutting above the High Cross, Part in Mr. Bell's Ground at Stanford Hid, and Part out; of the Grounds

. at

14 Geo. III. 14® Aprilis.

at the East and West Sides of the Canal at the high Banking; and that the whole Quantity of Earth wanted will be 158,000 Cubic Yards. And beingafked, How he estimated it, that 144 Acres of Land would be used for the Canal ? he laid. In level Cutting 25 Yards in Width will be wanted; that in many Parts the Canal will be contracted to 40 Feet wide, and the Towing Paths to 15; that if 25 Yards be the Width all the Way* it will take <7 Acres a Mile, making 127 Acres in the Whole; but that the whole Quantity wanted, taking broad and narrow Places together, will be 144 Acres. And being asked, How high the Bridge will be in Green Lane, at Tottenham ? he said, At that Place the Canal will be carried over the Road; that if an Occupation Bridge is necessary at N° 62, an under Bridge may be built over the Culvert, and the same at N° 63; but that, in his Opinion, one could not be wanted, as it adjoins to the Lane. And being asked, Whether the Canal will pals any of the Pipes belonging to the New River Company ? he said, None that he knew of, except in Shoreditch; but that if it does, there or any where else, those or any others may be carried under the Canal. And being asked. How they can be repaired? he said, If they are Iron, he supposed they would not want any Repairs, but if they should, it may be done at any Time, by taking the Water out of the Canal; and that Iron Pipes may be used. And being asked, If there is a GardenWaJl ou the North Side of Church , in the Line of the Canal? he said, No; nor on tire South Side, as he remembered; but that there are Pales. And being asked, Whether the Field, marked N® 93 in the Plan, is a Gentleman^ Pleasure Ground ? he laid. He did not know that it is; that Brick Earth has been dug there. And being asked, Whether the Canal can pass from the Place marked 69 to that marked 70, without going through an Orchard'? he said. It may; that he had drawn the Plan very near to it; but that it may be carried further off. And being asked, How near the Canal will be to the Garden Wall, when it passes White Hart Lane he said, 60 Yards from it. And being asked. If it will go through a Garden Ground at Hackney Turnpike ? he said. Yes; that he supposed it to be Ground occupied by a Gardener; that Cabbages grow in it, but he did not fee any Flowers, neither did he know that there are any. And being asked, Whether any Owner of Property, in the Line of the Canal, had signified to him his Consent or Wish, that the Scheme might be carried into-Execution ? he said. Yes, Mr. Stewart, whose House is to be pulled down at Shoreditch; that he did not remember any body else. And being asked. Whether any Occupier of Land, in the Line of the Canal, had signified his Consent or Wilh, that it might be carried into Execution? he said. He did not know that they had; that he had no Acquaintance with any Occupier; and that neither Owners nor Occupiers had signified their DiflTent to it, to his Knowlege. And being asked. Whether, when the new Canal is completed, he imagined that the Traffic on the new Cut, belonging to the River'Ll, between Lee Bridge and Waltham Abbey, will produce a Fund sufficient to keep it in Repair ? he, said. He knew nothing about it. And being asked. If it is possible to draw off so much Water from the River Lee, by the Canal, as to injure the Mills in dry Seasons ? he laid, It is possible, but not very probable; and that it will not be for the Interest of the Canal to do it. And being asked. If it is common for Rats and Moles to injure Banks, and make them dangerous ? he said. He had known them injure Banks, but never knew any Breach happen on that Account. And being asked, At what Distance, in the Duke of Bridgs Canal, Mr. Brind-

ley thought it necessary to fix Stop Gates, to rife and {top the Water in case of Breaches in the Banks ? he said, At very unequal Distances — sometimes many Miles asunder — Sometimes within Half a Mile of each other. And being asked. Whether the Communication of the Canal with the Raver Thames will depend on the present VOL. 34.

Navigation on the River Lee ! he Ibid. tt will* and like- MoorfcaMs wife with Ware and Hertford, and other Places above * Waltham Abbey. And being asked, What is the naaceft WiIq^ Distance from Moorfields to the Thames ! he said t Aboufi

5 Furlongs and a Halt And being asked, Whethcc be knew that there is at present a Navigation; between Waltham Abbey and London ? he said, There is*. And being asked, Whether that River is capable of doing all the Business of the Country, except in Time of Floods ? he said. He did not know. And! being asked.

Whether, if the Canal is made, the Price of Tonnage between. Waltham Abbey and, London will be encreatod or decreased ? he said. He did not know. And being asked. Whether he had ever taken a Survey of the present Navigation, with a View to the Improvement of it ? he said. He had not. And* being asked, Whether the Banks of the Canal mu ft not in all Places be raised above the Reach of Floods ? he said. Yes, except from an Occupation Bridge intended to be built at the Upper End of Cheflmnt Marsh, to its Communication with the River Lee. And being asked. How near the Canal will go to Mr. Bonds Garden at he

laid, Close to the lower Comer cf it. And being asked),

How long a Time it will take to carry his Plan into Execution ? he said, He supposed 3 Years, but that it altogether depends on the Number of Hands employed on the Work; and that they might go on in moil Parts at the same Time. And being aiked. What will be the Blase of the Work from N° 48 to N° 52. of the Plan.? he said. It will be level Cutting, and may be contracted to 55 Feet; and that no Buildings will be pulled down*; that he could not exactly say how near the Canal would come to any Buildings in that Part, but believed k might come within to Yards of some-; that it will go near feme'Tile and Brick Kilns there, but that the Land might ftiUi be cut. for Brick Earth, except the Part taken for the Canal, And being' asked. What is the Distance between the New- River and the intended Canal, near Homdsfield, in Edmonton ? he said. He did

not know; but that from thence to the new Cut, on tire River Lee, is about a Mile. And being asked.

How near the Ganal will go. tot Ml. Burdett's Barn, in Green Streets be laid. Within about 10 or 15 Yards,

but could not tell exactly. And being asked, What will be the Height of the Bridge in Green. Street, above the present Surface ? he said. About 14 Feet, if built with Brick, but level with the Hoad if built of Wood, and 15 Feet wide. And being asked, What Damage will be done to the Lands about Durance? he said.

None, except the Land being taken for the Canal.

And being asked. Whether it is intended to cut through a Cherry Orchard, at N® to8 ? he laid, He did not know that it U one, but that N? 114 is. And being asked, Whether he ikuDniade any Allowance in h£s Estimafee for Waste* in cutting down Timber ? he said.

He supposed it to be included in the Price of the Lind.

And being asked,. Whether the Ground from. the intended ornamental Bason in Moorfields, to the/'intended Port of Bvjinefi, near Hdlfowdy Mount, arid from thence

to the Extent of Si. Leonard , hadl been

bored? he said, Not that ha knew of; <And being asked; Whether he could undertake i to say; that the Land in that Distance;: which is to bfe cut through for the Canal, is not.artificial, or made Ground? he said.

That he supposed WndmiU Hill to- hie artificial, and the other Parts natural; And seeing asked. If1 he had acquainted himself what the Nature of the Ground in Moorfields was 20a Years ago? be laid. He kiew nothing about it. And being asked; Whether the Canal will difumte private Property, foas to figure that Property ? he said, Iri some Places it may. And being asked. Whether the cutting through Aiable Land will injure the Cultivation of it ? he said. In some Degree it will And being asked. Whether a Sluice, Weir, and Stop Gate, are necessary at White Hdtt Latte! he said.

He judged it ito be a-' convenient Place, for a Stop Gate,

642

140 Apr

A. 1774.

Moorfields and that a Sluice and Weir ought to be somewhere near.

*0 And being asked, Whether a Sluice and Weir at Tan-%ers will answer all the Purposes of a Discharge of Overplus Water ? he said, He was of Opinion that the other Place would be more convenient.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Account of loaded Carts and Waggons, with the Number of Hories drawing the fame, which had passed through Stamford Hill, Hackney, and Mile End Turnpikes, from the 9th.of March last,

to the 1 ath inclusive, amounting to 1,324 Carts, 337 Waggons, and 5,1*9 Horses: And also, an Account

of loaded Carts and Waggons, with the Number of Horses drawing the fame, which had passed through those Turnpikes, from -the 6th of March last, in the Evening, to the 19th inclusive, being 3 Nights and 3 Days, amounting to 1,984 Carts, 413 Waggons, and 6,583 Horses.

Your Commit t tee then called Mr. Teamans, a

Surveyor; who being asked. If he knew the Track of the proposed Canal ? he laid. Me did; that in his Opinion it is practicable to make a Canal Navigation over the Ground described in the Plan; and that he did not believe a better Line could be followed, for a Navigation from Moorfields to Waltham Abbey; that he believed Mr. Whitworth, the Surveyor, had been careful in his Survey to do as little Damage to private Property as the Nature of the Undertaking will admit of; that the Plan is as accurate and perfect as any he ever took or saw for the Purpose of a Canal Navigation; that the best he ever saw was that taken for the Leeds and Selby Navigation, and that this Plan is equal to that; and that he had compared the printed Copies with the Original very carefully. And being asked, What Difference there is between the Copy and the Original, with respect to the Diversion of the Road at Hanger's Lane, in the Parish of Tottenham ? he said, He believed no Difference; but that, by Mistake of the Engraver, in one it appears as if there was a Bridge, and in the other it does not; but that it does not make any Difference in Point of Expence, or other Inconvenience. And being asked, If he had examined Mr. Whitworth's Estimate ? he said. He had; and that he believed the Navigation can be completed for the Sum he had estimated it at. And being asked. Whether, in the Course of his Experience and Knowledge in Canal Navigations, the same have been found to be detrimental to the Landed Property through which they pass ? he laid, They did not, where proper Care had been taken to prevent the overflowing of the Water upon the adjacent Lands at improper Times; that he believed Canal Navigations have been advantageous to the Land where they pals, by furnishing a Conveyance for Manure; that the proposed Canal from Moorfields to Waltham Abbey will greatly improve the Landed Interest, and advance the Trade and Commerce of all Places near its Course; will be convenient for the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and be of public Utility. And being asked. Whether Mr. Smeaton and he had, in the Year 1767, formed a Plan for the Improvement of the River Lee Navigation? he said, They had, and that the Plan wais carried into Execution. And being asked, If he recollected the Estimate ? he said, He did not recoiled; it. And being asked. If he knew the Number of Tons carried annually on that Navigation? he laid, He; remembered, that when the Improvement of the River Lee was in Agitation, they had great Difficulty to come at the Tonnage; that, to the best of his Recollection, they computed it at 36,000 Tons a Year, and that he has Reason to believe it is now encreased to near 50,000; that in the Year 177a the Income of the Tolls was £. 3,304. 4J. 6d.i, and in the Year 1773, 3,286. 9 $d\-, that Tolls are taken

ht the following Places; at Limekoufe and Bromley, Two Pence a Ton, and Three Pence a Chaldron for‘Coals; at Lee Bridge, Three Pence a Ton, and Four Pence A

Chaldron for Coals; at Endfield Lock, Six Pence a Ton, and Nine Pence a Chaldron for Coals; at King's , Six Pence a Ton, and Eight Pence a Chaldron for Coals. And being asked, How many Acres of Land were purchased, to mak'e Cuts for the Improvement of the Navigation ? he said, About One hundred; that he did not know how much of it is paid for, but knows some is. And being asked, Whether, if there are any Defects in the old Navigation, they could be remedied at a less Expence than making the propefed Canal? he said. With respect to any Defects in the Works, he thinks there would be no Proportion between the Sum mentioned in the Estimate for the Canal, and the Repairs of the Works; but that he did not think any Expence would secure the Navigation from Floods, which are an Impediment. And being asked, Whether, if the River Lee was as defective now as it was when he gave his Plan for its Improvement, he would vary the present Navigation ? he said, under all the Circumstances of the Question he could not give a direct Answer to it; that the other was carried on with a View to favc Expence, and preserve the old Navigation, and Communication with the Thames. And being asked, If the present Navigation is capable of doing all the Business of the Country ? he said. Yes, but not without great Interruptions from Floods. And being asked, Whether the Lee Navigation could do a Hundred Times more Bufi* ness than it does at present ? he said. It could do Ten Times more. And being asked, Whether he had heard Complaints, that the Lands on the Sides of the new Cuts were grown rulhy ? he fair!, He had heard Complaints of the Wet-ness of the Land by the Sides of the Cuts; that he did not wonder at it, because of the Wet-ness of several late Years; and that a greater Cause, as he apprehends, is from the Bargemen drawing the Slackers’ wantonly and irregularly, by which they frequently cause the Water to flow over the Banks. And being diked, How many Mills there are between tham Abbey and the Thames?he laid, Thirteen; that is to lay, Four at Bromley, Three at Bow, the Abby Mills at Ham, Wefiham Waterworks, Two at Stratford, all of which are worked by the River Lee and Tide Water, Temple Mill, Lee Bridge Mill and Waterworks; One at

Tottenham, One at Walthamjlozv, One at Endfield, One at Chinkford, and One at Chesham. And being asked. Whether, in a dry Summer, they are in want of Water? he said, In very dry Seasons he had heard Complaints. And being allied. If the Canal is not sometimes laid dry by Bargemen, or other mischievous Persons drawing the Slackers ? he laid, Yes; and that he apprehended to be the principal Cause of the Want of Water. And being asked. How long a Time it would take to fill the intended Canal by the Slackers at the regulating Lock ? he said, He never had made any Estimate of the Time, and COuld not tell. And being asked. Whether, if Slackers drawing a Body of Water 95 Feet long, 11 high; and 16 wide, in Five Minutes, should be kept running for some Hoars, it would not in dry Seasons prejudice every Mill below, and be a great Detriment to the present Navigation'? he said, It certainly would. And being asked, If the Lord Mayer and Aldermen of London petitioned for the Act under which the present Navigation was made? he said, He was not certain; that the Recorder of London, by virtue of his Office, is a Trustee of the Riverine, and thar the Aldermen and Comptroller of London Bridge are allb Trustees, by virtue of their Offices, in the present Act relating to the River Lee; that he was the Surveyor for completing the present Navigation, and had leer* the late Recorder several Times at the Meetings of the Trustees for the present Navigation. And being asked. If he ever received any Complaints of the present Navigation from the Lord Mayor and Aldermen ? he laid; No, he did not recollect any such Thing, nor that he ever received any Advice from them, but he believed there ip a very good Understanding between the Alder*

men

!4 Geo. III. 140

men and the Trustees. And being asked, How the Canal is to be always ready to extinguish Fires in any Part of the City, if the Water is not conveyed in Pipes? he said, He had no Acquaintance with that Proposition. And being asked. If he was certain that the intended Canal will never be obstructed as a Navigation ? he said, He was not certain of that; that he did not know whether there was any Estimate of the annual Expences of keeping it in Repair, nor did he ever consider it. And being asked. Whether Leakage and Soakage of such a Length of new Works is not very great ? he said. No, if they be well executed; which does not depend upon the Ground a Canal goes through, but upon the Performance of the Work. And being asked, Whether, where the Banks have been broke in the present Cuts to the River , they had not been obliged to carry a great Quantity of Gravel and Clay ? he said, No Breaches happened while he had the Care of it, but since that Time there have, and Gravel and Clay have been carried to make them good again. And being asked, What he meant by the Execution of the Works ? he laid, He meant that where the Canal is to be carried upon new made Ground, and l’ome Part of it is above the Level, there is great Care taken to secure the Banks, by what, in new Navigation, is called Puddling, and that is by letting Water into the Cut, or into Channels on the Banks, into which the Earth is thrown and mixed together, till it becomes a Puddle; the Water, when it is let or driven off, leaves a Perma-' nency in the Bank that is Proof against Water; that this Method is used in all Cases where Clay cannot easily be got. And being asked. What is the Use of Stop Gates? he said. Their Ule is, that in case of a Breach in a Bank by mischievous People, or any Accident whatever, that might happen where the Navigation is carried over Vallies, those Stop Gates will prevent the greatest Part of the Water in the Canal from running out. And being asked. What is the greatest Height of the Banks of the present Navigation ? he said, At Endfield Mill it is about Seven Feet high.

And being asked. Whether all Locks are not liable to great Damage and Leakage ? he said, They are liable to Damage by constant Use, and to Leakage for want of Care. And being asked, whether the River Lee is not the Sewer, for all the Northern Parts of and Part of Hertfordshire, for many Miles? he laid. Yes.

And being asked. If the Waters which flood Edmonton, and Tottenham, do not come from the West ? he said. They very often do; and that the Banks of the proposed Canal will run nearly North anti South. And being asked. Whether, if a Bank above the highest Floods should be made from the Occupation Bridge at Ghejhunt Marsh, to the River Lee at IValt ham Abbey, any Culverts could be made to carry off the Floods as freely as they now pass ? he said. He did not know. And being asked. How long it will take (all possible Accidents considered) to complete the intended Canal ? he laid. About Three Years. And being asked. Whether great Damages will not ensue to the Occupiers of Inclosures, by Bargemen frequently leaving open the Gates ? he said, Undoubtedly, if they do leave them open; but that it is intended to fence off the Towing Paths. And being asked, Whether Damages happening to Lands below the Canal are commonly prevented by Back Drains ? he said. Yes, and always may; and that rhofe Drains are often made at the Expence of the Undertakers; that there will probably be a great Encrease of Tonnage on the River Lee, above Abbey,

and from Lee Bridge, downwards, if the proposed Canal is made; but that there will still be the same Inconveniences above Waltham Abbey, and below Lee Bridge, in Time of Floods; and that all the Advantages of the new Canal, with respect to Floods, will be between those Two Points. And being asked. Whether Barges can get into or out of the proposed Canal in Times of Floods ? he said, In high Floods they cannot. And Vox,. 34.

being asked, What great Trade he etfpefted between Moorfields Moorfields and CheJJmnt Marsh in Times of Floods? he u> said. He was not acquainted so as to give an Answer.

And being asked, How far the Canal in Green Street will be from the House which Mr. lives in ? he

said, Fifty or Sixty Yards, but he was not certain; and that it cannot be carried further from it, without incommoding^ other Houses, the Line being carried as well as possible. And being asked, Whether the En-creasei of Tonnage above Waltham Abbey will not, by encreasing the Tolls, remove the Obstructions there ? he laid, Yes. And being asked. Why he imagined the Traffick would encrease so amazingly, if the Inconveniences will remain the same ? he said. From the Convenience of the new Navigation over the old one, and the extending of it to Moorfields. And being asked;

How that will make the Passage from Lee Bridge to the Thames more convenient than at present ? he said, He did not apprehend it will make any Alteration in the present Impediments in the Navigation below Lee Bridge.

And being asked, What Articles he supposed would be carried up the River Lee, that are not now carried up ? he said, He had not any Particulars to mention in that Respect. And being asked. Whether all the Advantages that he forefawwere conjectural ? he said, With respect to himself they were, for that he is an Engineer. And being asked, How near the Canal will go to Mr. Bond’s Garden at Hackney ? he said, Within a few Feet of the North East Garden Wall. And being asked. How wide the Canal will be at the Corner of Hanger's Lane he said, He could not tell exactly, but believed about 30 Feet; And being asked; How that Plan could be the most accurate he ever law, if, upon the Face of it, he could not tell the Width of the Canal ? he said, It was itnpolflble for him, in going over the Line of a Canal of that Sort, to keep Things in Remembrance; but, ih this Place, to avoid a Building and a Road, it will be ne^ cessary to contract the Canal; that by the Plan he could not judge of the Distances within a Foot or Two; but that it appeared to him that the Width of the Canal would be rather more than 30 Feet; And being asked.

What is the Distance from the Hedge at the Corner of the Dwelling House? he said, By the Plan it seems to be about Fifty Feet, but that he did not draw the Plan.

And being asked, If he, as an Engineer or Surveyor, cannot judge of the exact Situations upon the Face of the Plan, though he said it is the most accurate one he ever saw ? he said, Because there never was a Plan exhibited to Parliament, that can Ibew every Line that a Canal must be cut in, from a Variety of Circumstances that arise in the Execution of it; that therefore Parliament has granted a Latitude to vary, in some Places, the precise Line laid down in the Plan, without which it is almost, if not quite, impossible to carry a Navigation of this Sort into Execution. And being asked.

How near, by the Face of the Plan, the Canalewill go to the Kitchen Garden at Bruce Castle he said, Within about Sixty Feet. And being asked. What will be the Size of the Culvert at Tanner's End, and its Dimensions ? he said, He had not the Particulars. And being asked, What will be the Expence of a Culvert 158 Feet long, and 12 Diameter ? lie said, He could not tell. And being asked. What will be the Expence of a Brick Passage under the Canal, 148 Feet long. Ten wide, and Fourteen high ? he said. He could not tell. And being asked. How near the Canal will go to any Buildings in Church Street? he said, Very near; that there is a Barn Hands in the Way, but that no Cottages will be pulled down till it comes to Shoreditch. And being asked. How wide the Canal will be at Church Street? he said. He could not tell; that the Plan was a Picture to shew the Line of the Canal; and that if there had been any Difficulty in its palfiBg there, he certainly should have observed it. And being asked, If he called a fine Picture, to shew the Line of a Canal, an accurate Survey? he

8 B said.

A

S44

A.

1774.

Moorfields Cud, It is as accurate as any Thing he ever saw pre-fen ted to Parliament. And being asked, Whether any

to

w»idjam Abbey Householder could tell by the Plan how near the Canal "* is to go to his Kitchen Garden ? he said. He apprehended any Landlord might understand how it will cut through his Fields and Premises. And being asked. Whether he could take upon himself to say, that Hanger's Lane, as laid down to be the Property of Mr. Bampton, is accurately laid down ? he said, For any Thing he knew to the contrary, it is. And being asked, If he^could not answer that Question positively, how he could take upon himself to say that the Plan is accurate ? he said, He referred to his former Answer. And being asked, Whether he took upon himself to say, that the several Properties through which the Canal is intended to pass, are accurately laid down ? he said, No; for he never measured them. And being asked, Whether the Canal will not, in its intended Couri'e, disunite private Property in many Parts, so as to become very injurious to that Property? he said, It would be so, if ample Satisfaction was not made; that those Damages have been fully estimated, but he could not tell how many small Pieces of Land will be rendered useless to the present Possessors, and mull; be paid for, but apprehended they must be purchased, or full Satisfaction made for cutting through. And being asked. How near the Canal will go to Mrs.

Garden at Edmonton ? he said, So very near that there . must be some Support in the Canal to prevent Damage to the Garden Wall. And being asked, Where he intended to get Earth for the Bank between Stamford Hill, and 'Tottenham High Cross ? he said. There is deep Cutting at each End, and what comes out of the Cut both Ways, will be carted or boated to fill up the Valley, which has been the same in many other Places, and will be more than sufficient. And being asked, Whether the separating of the Arable Lands will not be detrimental to the Cultivation of them? he said. It will, as far as the Canal goes.

Your Committee then called Mr. Thomas;

who being examined, said, He was a Barge Owner, Miller, and Coal Merchant; that he employs Three Barges on the River Lee, and is well acquainted with the Navigation of that River between Lee Bridge and Waltham Abbey, that Barges are frequently Hopped on the River, on Account of Floods, and that the Stream is so very strong as to require an additional Number of Horses; that the new Cuts made for the Improvement of it are often drawn dry by the Wilfulness or CarelelT-nels of the Bargemen, and other People for Fishing, and the Locks, of which there are a great Number, are frequently out of Order; besides which Impediments, in Times of short Water, there are Shoals, but none at present; that in order to get over those Shoals, in Short Water Times, the Bargemen draw the Slackers of the Locks, jnd run out Blocks to make Purchases, in order to force the Barges over, which greatly damages their Bottoms, and occasions a great Waste of Water to the Mills, his own having often been stopt on that Account. And being asked. How many Locks full of Water he believed were necessary to force the Barges over those Shoals? he said, It is uncertain — it may be Seven or Eight, more or less, as the Shoals rife; that he was certain he had more than Seven Locks of Water to get over One of those Shoals: That from the Obstructions he had mentioned, it is very uncertain how long a Barge may be going from Lee Bridge to Waltham Abbey. And being asked, Ilow many Horses it required to navigate a Barge of Forty Tons Burthen, at present? he said. They cannot at this Time carry that Quantity of Goods: That they can carry Twenty-one Chaldron of Coals, or about Twenty-six Tons of Goods; to draw which, in the Stream, when the Waters are strong, from a little beyond Lee Bridge to Mr.

Wyband's Mill, and sometimes further, they have Two Horses; and sometimes the same Number from

nard1 s Mills to Waltham: That he had known it so strong, that Three Horses could scarcely weigh the Barge a-head. And being asked. How many Horses will be required to navigate a Vessel on the intended Canal ? he said. If there be a sufficient Depth of Water, One will be quite enough. And being asked. Whether the Passage upon the Canal would be at expeditious as upon the Road ? he said. He apprehended the Canal to be further about than the Road; but that if they were of equal Lengths, he imagined one would be as expeditious as the other. And being asked, What are the Articles now brought down the River in Barges, from Waltham Abbey to the Thames he said. The Commodities at present are. Timber, Corn, Malt, and Flour; and he believed many other Commodities would come, had they a safe, easy, and expeditious, Passage. And being asked. Whether he would not rather discharge his Loading at Moorfields, and return from thence to Bromley Lock for Coals, or other Back Carriage, than to proceed from Wdltham to Bromley Lock, and there discharge the Loading ? he said. He had rather discharge it in Moorfields, where he should discharge it safe, than run the Rilk of going to Bromley Lock, the Thames, or other Places, the Uncertainty being great on Account of the Tides. And being asked, Whether any of the Commodities he had mentioned were brought from Waltham to London by Land ? he laid, That Flour is, for which Eight Shillings a Ton Carriage is paid. And being asked. If he apprended that great Part of the Goods and Merchandize, now conveyed by Land between Waltham Abbey and London, would, in same the intended Canal takes Place, be conveyed by Water ? he said, It would be the Interestof the Proprietors of those Commodities to fend them by Water, as they would come to Town as lafe and as expeditioully, and at a much cheaper Rate than they are brought at present. And being asked, Whether he believed, that, in same the intended Canal should take Effect, there will be such a Quantity of Trade by Water Carriage as to be almost: immense ? he said, There will be a much greater Quantity than there is at present, owing to the Certainty of the Navigation; and that the Canal will be a great Advantage and Improvement to the adjacent Lands, and of public Utility; because as the Navigation seems intended both for Business and Pleasure, he imagined a Number of Buildings would beerested upon the adjacent Lands; — there would be a great Number of Gardens for lup-plying the City with Herbs; — there would be a cheap and easy Conveyance for Manure to those Lands, and their Produce would be conveyed in a cheap, safe, and expeditious, Manner to Town. And being asked. If he was examined at Guildhall, touching the Utility of this Canal? he said. No. And being asked. From what Places his Barges worked ? he said, from Hertford to London and back again: That, if the Canal was made, he should be able to carry more Goods in his Barges than he does now, because he should avoid Barnard's Mill Stream, where the Stream is lo strong as to prevent their carrying greater Burthens. And being asked. Whether the Obstrucftion to she present Navigation, from Waltham Abbey to Ware and Hertford, was at Barnard's Mill Stream ? he said. That is the greatest they meet with at present, and a little below the Tumbling Bay at Waltham. And being asked. Whether if those Defeats were removed, he could convey as much Tonnage as they proposed to do by the Assistance of the intended Canal Navigation ? he laid. Not between Ware and Waltham-, but they could lighten their Barges at Waltham, and go up with the rest of their Loading to Ware or Hertford: — That they could bring small Quantities, or Cotchels, of Corn or Coals to Waltham, which would be a great Addition to their Freight. And being asked, If the great Advantage he expected from the intended Navigation was by leaving small Parcels, or Cotchels, being about

Thirty

.14 Geo. III. 14° j.

Thirty or Forty Quarters of Corn, at Waltham Abbey ? he said, They could carry more, by Forty Quarters, by the intended Canal, than they can by the present Navigation on the River Lee. And being aiked, Whether it would enable him to bring more from the Thames to Lee Bridge ? he said, No; and that he could now bring Twenty Tons more to the upper Part of the Cut at Lee Bridge, than he could carry up the Country above Waltham. And being asked, What great Consumption there is at Waltham, at present, to take off the Quantity of Goods he proposed to deliver to them ? he said, It is well known, that there is a great Quantity of Coals consumed at Waltham, Chefliunt, and the Places adjacent; and that he was of Opinion, if the Millers at Waltham could get more Grain from London, they would do more Business. And being atked. Whether it was his Opinion, that the carrying Corn up to Waltham to be ground, would biake it come cheaper to Market than if it was ground at the Four Mills at Bromley? he laid, There are already large Quantities of Wheat carried up to Ware and Hertford to be ground, and brought down again, in Flour, to the City of London, and that he imagined was further up the Country than Waltham; and as the Carriage to and from the Mills will be cheaper, it will certainly answer. And being atked. Whether he knew that the Mills between the Thames and Waltham Abbey, have not been fully employed for many Years? he said, he could say little to that; that ,he had Goods brought up to his Mill to be manufactured, and brought down again. And being atked, If he imagined more Coals would be consumed at Waltham Abbey, Ware, and Hertford, if this Canal was completed ? he said. The cheaper they get them to those Places, the further they can afford to carry them into the Country, and the Consumption consequently mutt be the greater: — That he can carry Coals to Ware for Eight Shillings a Chaldron, Pool Measure, or Twenty-One Chaldron to the Score. And being atked, By what Estimate he could assert, that they could be carried cheaper by the Canal ? he said. He did not imagine, that to Hertford or Ware they would be carried much cheaper, if any; that at present Coals are carried for Six Shillings a Chaldron to Waltham. or Chejkunt, but, if the intended Canal is carried into Execution, he should be glad to carry them for Five Shillings a Chaldron, if not less. And being atked. If he, as a Man of Business, before he made a Contract, made an Estimate ? he said. It is the usual Way with all Tradesmen. And being desired to state at what Estimate he now carried Coals at Six Shillings a Chaldron ? he said, It was a Question he desired not to answer, as it opened the Mystery of Trade. And being atked. By what Estimate he undertook to say, when the proposed Canal is made, he could carry Coals for Five Shillings a Chaldron ? he said. He imagined he should be able to put out Five Chaldron of Coals at Waltham, which will be so much more Advantage to him in his Voyage, as he could carry no more up into the Country. And being atked, If it was usual for Coal Merchants to store their Yards by Five Chaldrons at a Time, as it may suit the Convenience of any Person to drop them there ? he said, No; but that many People chuse to take in only Five Chaldron at a Time, as it may suit them best. And being atked, At what Price he would contract to deliver Coals at Waltham Abbey, by Barge Loads, if the intended Canal was completed ? he said, It would not suit his Purpose to deliver Coals by the Barge Load at Waltham Abbey, as he must go the rest of the Navigation to Hertford empty: — That there are only Two Barges now’ em* ployed between Waltham Abbey and London, and whether those are fully employed he could not tell. And being atked, Whether he w'as not Matter enough of the Subject, to inform the Committee, at what Rate of Tonnage, or per Chaldron, a Barge could get her Livng between Waltham Abbey and the Thames, if the Vol. 34.

1 prills. 645

1 ,

new Canal was completed ? he said. He believed it Moorfield*

might be done at Five Shillings: — That he did not to

found his Opinion on any Estimate; that there could *c«n«fb 1

be none, and that it was only his Imagination; and that

he did not know what Rate of Tonnage was to be

taken upon the intended Canal; that there are Thirty-

two or Thirty-three Barges at present employed on the

River Lee, above Waltham, as he believed, but was not

sure, besides Two Powder Boats, One Mill Boat Sixty

Feet long, and One Five Ton Lighter. And being

asked, How long he computed the present Crafts lie stifl

for Want of Employment ? he said. He could not tell;

but that the Meal Barges, which carry Meal from Ware

and Hertford to London, are pretty constantly employed.

And being asked, How much cheaper he expected to carry Meal from those Places to London, if the intended Canal is made ? he said. Not at all. And being asked;

Whether when the Navigation is obstructed by Floods, the Barges would be able to get into, or out of,-the intended Canal, from or to the River Lee ? he said;

He did not believe they could at Waltham, but he thought they might at the Cut at Lee , and from

thence into the Thames, unless in very rapid Floods; and that the Lee Navigation will not be rendered more useful than it is now, by the making of the Canal.

And being asked, Whether, supposing all the Obstrudions he had complained of in the old Navigation were removed, he would come down the River Lee, rather than go Two Miles about by the intended Canal ? he said, He looked upon it that the Obstructions cannot be removed, as they arise from the Number of Locks; and by which Means, was he to go the Two Miles about, he ftiGuld be sooner at Lee Bridge than by going the present Navigation; but that, if all the Obstructions could be removed, he would come down the present Navigation, but would not go up. And being asked, How many Feet of Lockage there are between Lee Bridge and Waltham Abbey, upon tbd present

Navigation ? he laid, He could not tell: — That there are Nine Locks: — That a Barge is always drawn from the Thames to Lee Bridge, and from thence to Waltham Abbey, sometimes by One Horse, but usually by Two, as it is too great a Strain for One up to Mr. WybancCs Mill: — That from Barnard's Mill he had always Two, which were hardly sufficient to do that Business: —

That some of the other Barges have but One Horse, but it is when they are lighter loaded: — That Persons drawing Slackers in the present Navigation are liable to Penalties, but they have not prevented the Practice,

And being asked, If he expected that Penalties will be more effectual upon the intended Canal than they are upon the present Navigation ? he said. The Locks are at such a Distance from each other, that it would be almost impossible for One Man to look after them; but as the Three Locks upon the intended Navigation are to be but at a small Distance from each other, One Man may look after them, and prevent the Obstructions which are met with on the River Navigation ? And being asked, If he knew how many Sluices there were to be on the intended Navigation, by which the Water might be emptied ? he said. No. And being asked.

If the present Navigation ever wants V^ater ? he said,

In the Cuts they cannot want Water; and that, since the Tumbling Bays hhve been erected, there has been little Want of it any where; and that if the Shoals in the River were removed, he was of Opinion there would always be Water sufficient to prevent Injury to the Bottoms of the Barges. And being asked. Whether he had rather discharge his Loading at than at Mr. Belts Wharfs, or at Lee Bridge ? he said,

As a Bargeman, he thought it almost equal; but as a Proprietor of Goods, he should much rather have them landed at Moorfields: — That he should get a Back Loading sometimes there, sometimes at Mount, and sometimes at the Thames. And being asked, Whether, supposing the Distance from Mr. Bell's W harf to Moorfields to be Four Miles, he meant to say

140 Aprilis. A. 1^74*

Moorfields

to

\Va!thim Abbey Canal.

it was indifferent to him, as a Bargeman,’ whether he should travel Eight Miles more or not ? he said, From the Obstructions he had already mentioned, and there being greater Danger than in going to he

should be as willing to go there. And being desired to describe the Number of Accidents which have happened in the present dangerous Navigation? he said* He could not directly recollect the Times in which Barges have met with Mischief; but that they had got Damage between IValtkam Abbey and Lee Bridge. And being asked, Whether, if he had a Field of Six Acres, he should think it improved by having Banks Twenty Feet high raised in the Middle of it, and extending Fifty Yards in the Bale? he said, No. And being asked. Whether, If he had a House under those Banks, he should think himself safer for having so large a Body of Water above him? he said. No. And being asked, Whether, If a Bank Twenty Feet high was to be carried across a Lane, and he had no other Way to bring his Crops home to his Rick Yards, than over those Banks, he should think the Value of his Land improved ? he said. No. And being a(ked, Whether, if he had a Kitchen Garden, he should think the Value of it improved by having a Bridge at the Corner of it Fourteen Feet and an Half high ? he said, If it was a large Garden, and came so near, be should put up with the Inconvenience of the Bridge, for the Convenience he should receive. And being asked, Whether, if he had Garden Ground at Eight Pounds an Acre, he should think it improved by the Canal going through it ? he said, If he raised Vegetables for the London Markets, he should think it improved by the Cheap nets of the Carriage to the City from that Ground. And being asked. Whether he supposed in general, the Crops would be carried for nothing ? he said, No; but at a cheaper Rate than they can be conveyed at present. And being asked, Whether, supposing those Garden Grounds should happen to be the very Spot where the Grand Port is to be made, it would be any Benefit to the Owner? he said. He did not know where the Grand Port in Moorfields is to be made, as there may, perhaps, be some Alterations made in the Plan for the Sake of Convenience; that, when he spoke to the lad Question, he meant generally, and not particularly.

Your Committee then called James Esquire;

who, being examined, said, That the Price of Land Carriage, from Waltham to London, is from Six Pence to Eight Pence a Hundred: — That the Length of the

CT f O

intended Canal being Fourteen Miles, if a Toll of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, should be taken, the Expence would be reduced to One Penny a Hundred Weight: — That, if the intended Canal should take Effect, he believed it might be the Means of encouraging Trade and Commerce, be an Improvement to the adjacent Lands, and be of public Utility; and that the present Tolls on the Navigation, from Waltham Abbey to the Thames, he believed, are Eleven Pence a Ton on Goods, and One Shilling and Four Pence per Chaldron on Coals carried up. And being asked, If lie knew the Height of the several Bridges, and the Depth of the Cuts to be made, and the Height and Extent of the Banks to be made on the intended Canal ? he said. He did not. And being asked. Whether, if he had a Garden open to the present Navigation, he should expect to get much of its Produce for his own Use ? he said, He had never received any Injury thereby, in Twenty-four Years Residence near the present Navigation. And being asked. If he was not obliged, by the Nature of his Business, to keep Watchmen ? he said, Yes: — That all in his Business had, whether near a Navigation or nor; but that his Business was at a Distance from the Navigation, though his House was near it. And being asked, Whether, supposing he had a Parcel of small inclosures, or common Field Land, he should think them improved by a Canal being cut through them, and in some Parts having Banks

Twenty Feef high ? he said, If the Lands were poor' they might be improved by the Navigation.

Then the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors, Occupiers, and Holders, of Lands, Houses, Mills, Wharfs, and other Premises,- in the Parishes of Saint Leonard Shoreditch,- Hackney, Tottenham High Cross,

Endfield, and other Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and of Chejlmntin the County of Hertford, and of

Seward Stone, in the County of Essex, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and Saint John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the Parishes of Tottenham, , Endfield,

Ckejhunt, and Waltham Abbey, in the Counties of Middlesex, Herts, and Efl'ex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and alter, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, in the Parishes of Waltham Abbey, Epping, and Cheshunt, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, residing in or near the

Parishes of JValthamfiowand Lowlay in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and

also, the Petition of several Gentlemen,- Freeholders, and other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and Saint John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, residing in or near the

Parishes of Saint Luke and Sain Leonard

Saint Matthew Bethnall Green, and John,

in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, residing in or near the Parishes of Tottenham, Edmonton, and Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, this Day presented to the House; and which Peritiorise were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report should be received, were again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from Moorfields, near the City of London, to the River Lee, near Waltham ,in the County of Essex, and also to communicate with the said River, near Lee Bridge, by a Branch from the said Canal;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller's for the Yeas I Aklerman

I eiiers for the Y eas, j Alderman

-T-ti c yxt v Mr. Alderman T

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr_ .

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Insurances upon insurances Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except upon

in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an In- Lives, terest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Countefe Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the of Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound p®,w‘s* a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates '!a,e* heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

14 Geo. III. i£ — \§0 April 647

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the zzd Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

A Petition of Ellen Oxley and Francis , Owners

Forest f\_ and Proprietors of Copyhold Lands; and of John (Mn°0)rte Clarke, Owner of a Copyhold ancient Waste Building, and others.) within the Constablery or Township of in

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to amend an Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called the Forest of in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner Ellen Oxley preferred her Claim; and that a Claim was also preferred by William , then the Owner of the said ancient Waste Building, now belonging to the Petitioner John Clarke, of Common Right upon the said Forest, to the Commissioners named in the said Act, pursuant to the Directions thereof; which were objcdled to, and referred to the Arbitrators therein named, in the Manner by the said Act directed; and that John Afpinal, Esquire, Matthew and fionel

Place, Esquires, Three of the Arbitrators named in the said Act, did proceed to a Hearing of divers Claims, which were also referred to them, several of which they disallowed; and that the Petitioners, Ellen Oxley and John Clarke, not being able to produce such Evidence as was then required by the said Arbitrators in Support of their respective Claims, were obliged to withdraw the same; and that a Verdict was afterwards produced, and read in Evidence to the said Arbitrators, by Means of which great Numbers of Claims of a similar Nature to those disallowed and withdrawn were allowed; and that the Petitioner, Francis Bedford, claims to be entitled to Common Right upon the said Forest, in respect of a Copyhold Close within the said Township or Constable-ry; but, through Inadvertency, did not deliver such his Claim to the said Commissioners within the Time limited by the said Act: And therefore praying. That the several Claims of the Petitioners, Ellen Oxley, and John Clarke, so withdrawn as aforesaid, may be brought on to be heard before the Arbitrators named in the said Act, and determined by them; and that the Petitioner, Francis Bedford, may be permitted to prefer his said Claim to the said Commissioners; and that the same may be brought on to be heard, before the said Arbitrators, and determined by them; and that the Petitioners may be included in the Provisions of the said Bill now depending, to prevent the Sale of Lands.

Ditto. A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Collins, Clerk* (Mr.Collin*) Owner and Proprietor of divers Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Townships of Hampf-.

t/nvaile and Clint, within the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner in pursuance of an Act for dividing and inclosing such Part oif the said Forest as lies within the Eleven Constableries thereof, did prefer divers Claims of Common Right on the said Forest to the Commissioners therein named, but, through Inadvertency, omitted to deliver his Claim of Common Right thereon, in respect of Two Copyhold Messuages, situate in Clint aforesaid, within the Time limited by the Vol. 34.

said Act; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to amend the said Act: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted to prefer his said Claim to the said Commissioners; and, if the same is found by the said Commissioners to be a good Claim, that he may be included in the Provisions of the said Bill now depending, to prevent the Sale of Lands, in the same Manner as if he had claimed according to the Directions of the said Act.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing " and inclosing such of tile Open Parts of the " District called the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven " Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord- Sleaford ing to Order,-a Bill for making navigable a certain Navigation. Stream, or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of New Sleaford, in

the County of Liticoln, to the River Witham, near Chappell Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse, and The Old for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Artillery Poor, within The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of The Tower of London; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read the Third I'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, within The Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of The Tozver of London-, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Longitude Account of what Money has been issued, by the Trea- Account, surer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual " several Acts, fcfc: providing a Reward for discovering " the Longitude at Sea; for improving the LunarTables " constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful. to " Navigation."

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woollen for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzle- Manufacturc. ments by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glasgow to enlarge the 'Perms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from

8 C the

Clyde

Navigation

and

Bridge*

Earl of Breadalbane’s Argyll Estate.

Linen Trade. (Forfar.)

St. Saviour's (Southwark) Poor, and Streets.

Ditto.

A- 1774-

the said City of Glasgow, through to that

Part of the Water of Kehtine, called Milnford of Garfcube; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the Old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Earl of Breadalbane, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Argyll, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate; to which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the Burgh of Forfar, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufactory; and setting forth, That if some speedy Assistance is not granted, to put the Trade in a better State; the Inhabitants of that Part of the United Kingdom in general will be under a Necessity to desert their native Country, and betake themselves to Foreign Places, to procure the Necessaries of Life; And therefore praying the House will grant such speedy Relief to the Linen Manufacture, as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Shopkeepers, Householders, and others, within and near the Parish of Saint George, in the Borough of , and County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making, for making, a Carriage Way, from the High Street in the said Borough, at or near the Greyhound Inn, and from thence, through Duke Street and Queen Street, to Gravel Lane, thereby to open a Communication with Black Fryars Bridge Road; and that the Petitioners are satisfied that such Opening will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Commerce carried on between the Eastern Parts of Southwark, and all Places to the Westward of the said High Street, and will be of particular Advantage to the Estates in the Neighbourhood of the said Opening, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That a Bill for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Mary at Lambeth, and Christ Church, in the County1 of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented, for a Bill to make a Carriage Way from the Black Fryars Bridge Road, to the Eastern Parts of Southwark; and that the Petitioners find, that the Road of Way intended to be made from the Black Fryars Bridge Road, and through Duke Street and Queen Street, and through the Greyhound Inn, into the High Street in the Borough of Southwark, will be near Haifa Mile less than the present Road; and that the only present Carriage Way from the East End of Queen Street, into the said High Street, to the Front of the said Greyhound Im, is upwards of a Quarter of a Mile about, and is in some Parts so narrow as to make the Passage for Carriages very difficult and dangerous; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the intended 5

Opening will be the least injurious of any, that can be suggested, to private Property, and will be of reciprocal Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Eastern Parts of the Parish of Lambeth, near the Thames, of the Parish of Christ Church, and of the Borough of Southwark: And therefore praying, That the Bill applied for, to make such Opening, may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

General Comvay reported from the Committee, who British were appointed to consider of a more convenient Me- Museum. thod of admitting Persons to the Sight of the British Museum-, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

And the House being informed, that some further Enquiry is necessary to be made into the Matter which had been referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Report he re-committed to the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a more convenient Method of admitting Persons to the Sight of the British Museum.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Heaplum the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Inclosure. and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Heapkam, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor, who is possessed of One Messuage and One Oxgang, who is bedridden, and incapable of transacting any Business; and that the whole Number of Messuages and Cottages are Twenty-four, and the Number of Oxgangs to be inclosed con-lifts of Forty-eight; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom Twyford the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Indolure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, vVitfiin the Hamlets oI Twyford and Charndon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tfhe Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they ' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout/ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the-House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N" i.

14 Geo. III. 150 Aprilis.' 649

American

Colonies.

ialehara

Inclosure.

Private

Bills.

(Notices.)

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Governor to

the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 14th February 1774: Received 5 th April; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of Governor s Speech to the

Council and House of Representatives; and their Answer.

N° 3. Copy of a Requisition from the House of Representatives of Ma/jachuf Bay, to the judges of the Superior Court.

N° 4. Copy of a Remonstrance of (he House of Representatives of Ma Bay, against the Chief Justice.

N° 5. Copy of a Vote of the Council and House of Representatives of Massachusets Bay, for adjourning the Superior Court not consented to by the Governor.

N° 6. Copy of Governor Answer to

the Remonstrance of the House of Representatives, against the Chief justice.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration H is Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday the 7th Day of March latt, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th and nth Days of March last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Barwell, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in and near Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, amd also of the Inhabitants of the Town of Chertsey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of and Surrey, and

Setting forth. That a large Pasture, or Parcel of Land, called Laleham Burway, intended to be inclosed, lies

contiguous to, and in feme Places adjoins, several Meadows, Pastures, and Low Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, which is in the Manor of Chertsey Beomond, and is Part of the same Manor, and not in the Manor of Laleham, as in the said Bill is set forth; the inclosing of which will be very detrimental to the Proprietors thereof, and also to the Inhabitants in general of the said Town of Chertsey; and that such intended Inclosure of the said Pasture, called The Burway, cannot, as the Petitioners apprehend, anyways improve or tend either to the Benefit or Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof, but is calculated only for the private Emolument of some One or few of them: And therefore praying the House will not pass the said Bill into a Law in its present Shape and State; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the House, against such Parts thereof as will so affect the Estates and Interests of the said Petitioners, by inclosing of the said Pasture called The Burway; and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem reasonable and just, and the Nature of their same shall or may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Rules and Regulations to be observed by Persons applying to this House for private Bills; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Vox.. 34.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time; ’

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Words " Months of," and before the Word " Septemberthe Words " August and

and by inserting after the Word " S," the Words, " or either of them," and by leaving out from the Word " presented" to the End of the Resolution. 1

And the Question being put. That after the Words " Months of," and before the Word " ," the

Words " August and" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Word " September" the Words " or either of them" be inserted. !

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended; That, after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this House, for inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish, or Parishes, in which such Lands, Fens, and Commons, do lie, for Three Sundays in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Private Bill*, the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made upon the (Inclosures.) 30th Day of March last, " That, after this Session of " Parliament, in all Bills for Inclosures, there be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account " for all Monies by them laid out, and afiefled on the " Parties concerned in the said Inclosures," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Lord North presented to the House, according Maflaehufett

Bay Regulation,

American

Colonic*.

to Order, a Bill for the bettet regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in North America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Monday the 7th Day of March last, together with the Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord North upon the 7th and 1 ith Days of March last, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitzvortk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That

650 i5 — 18°

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Bay, in New England.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Maflkctmfeu Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Admfaiftratt Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of

on 7iJ£. Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bast India A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring Company’* jn a Qjn for granting further Time to the United Com-ea,‘ pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold on the Fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

L»nen Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

T" e* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 18° Aprilis;

Anno 140 Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Air A Petition of the l'everal Persons whose Names are and Calder thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, together

Rivers. w;th the Inhabitants of Selby and Brayton, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Proprietors of the Rivers Air and Calder have, by their Engineer, caused a very impartial Line of a Canal to be taken, from through Part of

Gateforth Burton and Brayton Lordships, into Lordship, crofting the Turnpike Road on the West in Selby Lordship, leading from Selby to Leeds, over Selby Carrs, into the Holmes, in Barlby Lordship, circling a great Part of the Town of Selby, running from South to North into the River Otize, and the River Ouze running from

Aprilis. A. 1774.

North to East, the most convenient and advantageous Line to the Public, the Town of and the adjacent Towns: And therefore praying. That the said Line of the said Canal may not be altered, but continue in the same Manner as above set forth, and first approved by the said Engineer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 1 oth and 11 th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of " Air and Calder, in the County of York " and for

improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland, to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal, from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, exchanging, Barton and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Inclosure. Fields, Half Year Indofures, Lammas Meadows,

Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton Rendish, or in

the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Indofures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, other-wile Barton Bendish, or Eajimore, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are H thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Dealers in and Consumers of Hops, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it now is, and hath hitherto been, the constant Usage and Practice for Planters,

Growers, and Owners, of Hops, to pack the same in heavy Canvass Bags or Pockets, and to make the Purchasers and Consumers pay for such Bags and Pockets at the same Price as the Hops, thereby defrauding and greatly injuring such Purchasers and Consumers; and that in order to redress and prevent such Abuses for the future, the Petitioners are informed. Application hath lately been made for the Aid of Parliament; and that a Bill hath been brought in for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners have perused and examined the Contents of the said Bill, and highly approve thereof, as a falu-tary Remedy to answer the Purposes thereby intended:

And therefore praying, That the same may pass into a Law, with such Alterations and Amendments as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Bagging of Hops, is committed.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, - Wallingien

fen, in the East Riding of the County of York -, and *nc^r* for repealing, explaining, or amending. Part of an Act, Dnrinage. passed in the 12th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Carrs, in the Parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent Parishes, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Market Weighton, to the River Humber, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for draining and preserving the Low Grounds

and

Holderness,

&c.

Drainage.

Carlton

Bridge.

Hinckley

to

Woeful Bridge Roads.

Wceting

Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 18°

and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Winestead, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Holly m,

Rimfwell, Owthorne, otherwise Seat home, Witherfea. Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge ctofs. the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. t

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High lloads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and all'o from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Stvannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjlock to

in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from in the

Liberty of OJbaston, to Chtshire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Lane, to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la<souch Turnpike Roads, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjlock to Meafham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney's House, in the Liberty of Ofbaf-ton, to Cheshire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and AJkby-de-la-zouch Turnpike Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32.1. 20. After " Weeting’’ to insert except where " any Park or Plantation shall or may be " made, for which a Composition Rent " is to be paid as aforesaid."

1. 36. After " to" to insert " except as above " excepted."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House , and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Lammas Mear dows, Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vo 1.. 34.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inching. the Opfcn LndWnigit

Fields, Meadows, Common Pasturev kni, Waste Ground;) in the Minor and Parish of t»dbdro^,:us the County of LmdoUi, was read the Third Time* .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing th£ Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lttdborough, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Br&umtaw Berlie do carry the* Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A Bill for Confirming certain Pure hale* made by the Mafcctesfield Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, c in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester, to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales, and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof j and for further regulating the said Foundation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Georege Savile, te: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Forfeited House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An,

" Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates ih Scotland " to the Crown, unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon, and to dftablish a Method of managing the lame, and applying " the Rents and Profits thereof for the better cm*

" lizing and improving the Highlands of SnMtmdi and,

" preventing Disorders there for the future," so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates t And the same was received; and read the Firfb Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-.

A Bill for recovering, improving* and maintaining, Hedoa the Navigation of the Haven of in Holderness, Navifttiofc.

in the East Riding of the County of itork, was read Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cft#* ley. Sir George Savile^ &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E»rl of for confirming an Agreement between William Earl of Fad nor* j Radnor, and the President and Fellows of Queen's - E*than8*'-lege, Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson of Great Cliiverei, in the County of Wilts, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacons Lord Folkestone, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ettl of for vesting in John Earl of Bredalbane, and his Heirs, Bredalbaoc’* in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed te* Estate, in the County of Argyll, and fot settling, in liet) thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and inter* sperfed with, the said entailed hftate, was read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skitwith presented to (Jie House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing apd inclosing certain Open

g and Iacitfuit.

Birmingham

to

Warmington RoacL.

Fotton

Inclosure.

Leicester

to

Wansford

Road.

18° Aprilis. 1774-

antj ComSnoii Fields, and feveril Commons or Waste Xkl\ds, in the,'Parish of Lower , in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the 'First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

i *

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, through Warwickto Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to kill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Ro^d from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosingTwo Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Polton, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. with, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Hotchkin, Henry Shield, John Cooke, Efc|uires, Henry Robinson, Clerk, William Forfilt, John Bellars, William Forfitt, and others, Trustees ap-pbihted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fe'venth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Borough of to

" and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County " of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in "the laid County of Northamptonfor surveyin|, ordering, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the District of the said Road from the said Borough or Town of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, to the said Town of Wansford, in the said County of Northampton, as far as the West Side of the North Road leading from Wansford Bridge to Stamford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by " the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the " County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of " Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the " said County of Northampton," as relates to the District of the said Road from the said Town of Wansford, in the County of Northampton, on the East Side of the North Road leading from Wansford Bridge, to the Town of Stamford, through the Towns of Ailsworth, Castor, and Longthorpe, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had diradted him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards- delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Jeffreys French being examined, said.

That the Trustees for that District of Road from Leicester to Wansford, as for as the West Side of the North Road leading from Wansford Bridge to Stamford, have made a great Progress in repairing the said Road, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, with rdped to the said District, be enlarged.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

The said Act was again read: And a Member informed your Committee, That the Trustees for that District of the said Road from Wansford to Peterborough, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, and now remains due, and cannot be repaid^and the said District of Road be completely repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to that District, be continued and enlarged.

And the said Member further informed your Committee, That the Road from the Termination of the said Road at the Entrance of Peterborough, to the Market Place there, is very ruinous and bad, and cannot be completely repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton: And for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there: And that Mr. Benyon and Mr. Wyldbore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit- Glasgow tee, to whom the Bill to continue the Terms of Two *° Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Tocker Bridge, to Renfrezv Bridge, to the Mile

House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuftang, in the Counties of Lanerkand Renfrew, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Praedreported from the Committee, to whom Bade

the Petition of John Edyvean, Gentleman, for and on the Behalf of Sir John Molesworth, Baronet, John Arfcott.,

Francis Rodd, John Call, Christopher Harry, Philip Vyvyan,

John Eliot Wrey, Jans Frederick, Thomas,

Corydon Carpenter, and Richard Wymond, Esquires,

David Horndon, John Kerfwell, Henry Laurence, Stanly Lucas, William Webb, Nicholas Webb, John Webb,

John Anthony Roe, Henry Hojkyn, and Walter Oke, Gentlemen, and the Reverend William Carpenter, Doctor in Divinity, John Kingdom, Samuel Cory, John Bedford,

Charles Bedford, Thomas Derifley, and John Rice, Clerks, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined

14 Geo. III. 18 0 Jpr 653

amined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Gerrard Hufj'ey, being examined, said. That by a Survey taken, it appears, that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from the Port or Harbour of Bade, in the Parish of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the navigable Part of the River , in the Parish of Calfock, in the same County, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, which will open a short and easy Communication between the said Port of situate on the Bristol Channel, and the Port of in the British

Channel, and the several Towns of Stratton,

and the several Parishes and Places through which the said Canal is intended to be made, and the interior Parts of the Counties of Devon and and that

the Conveyance of Coals, Timber, Stone, Sand, Lime, Manure, and other Goods and Merchandize, will be thereby greatly facilitated, and rendered less expensive, and be a great Advantage, to the Trade and Manufactories carried on between or near the said Ports or Places, and be of public Utility.

And the Agent for the Petitioners produced to Your Committee, the Consent of the several Proprietors, through whose Lands the proposed Canal is to be carried.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for leaking a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Parish of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the navigable Part of the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calstock, in the said County: And that Mr! Praed and Mr. Powna/l do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hull A Petition of the several Merchants, Tradesmen, and Port and Dealers, within the Town and Port of Kingston upon quays. Hull, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, a Bill has been brought in, for the erecting and establishing legal Quays, or Wharfs, within the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; by which Bill (as the Petitioners are informed) Leave is also. to be given to the Merchants to erect Sufferance Quays contiguous to their f>taiths, or Warehouses, on the West Side of the River or Haven pi Hull-, and that the erecting such Sufferance Quays was at first projected by, and calculated for the private and particular Benefit and Convenience of, only some few of the Merchants within the said Town; and that a very considerable Majority of the Merchants and Tradesmen within the said Town are sensible the same can no ways tend cither to promote the Benefit of Trade in general, or the Revenue of His Majesty’s Customs in particular, w'ithin the said Port: And therefore praying. That the said Bill (lo far only as tolerates the erecting such Sufferance Quays as aforesaid) may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the'Consideration of the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for.tUsJtetter fecjaring. His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of-Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Refer voirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain^ Lands belonging.to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money, for those Purposes; and for establishing other n^ceffaiyRe-. gulationswithin the Townand Port of is committed.

Heapham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iqelofing certain Indofurt. Open Fields, and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Commons, in the Parish of in the"

County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 34.

Resolved, That the . Bill do.pals: And that the Titk^ be. An Act for.dividing ana. incjblt^g^certain Open*

Fields and Meadow^ St infect*Commbn Pastures) and)

Free Commons, in the Parish of Heapham, in the1.

County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . *

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, to whom SpHdlingtori the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields; Inclosure; Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish of Spridlihgton, iii the Coufity of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Cjause was offered to be added to the Bill, to settle Disputes between the Two Lords of the Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amehdments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Amcotts reported from the Committee, tb'W>fTom_pottei.jlanworti, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cotfi-_ Inclosure. mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath) and Waste Lands, within the Parish of PdUerhanwoyfkp'vx the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BHlf and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the'Sa- tisfaction of the Committed (except Robert Vyner and Nathaniel Ryder, Esquires, possessed of 7 7 Acres pfPeiij.

Land, or thereabouts, who refused'to figri ‘the lJHl;£. and also except Francis Manby, Esquire, possessed "of* about 30 Acres of Fen Land, wh’o Tefufed' to ligh Jtlie Bill, but said he had no Objection to the Inclosure^ and that the whole Property in the said‘Fields cpnfifts of 70 i Oxgangs; that there are*"49 Common Rights'; and 1,464 Acres of Fen Land, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read*throughout; and' then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question 1 severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bdf-ingfoffed:'' ' J *

Mr. Stephens presented to the Hohfe,' according td Saint Nedt’» Order, a Bill for regulating the Usage'ind Stocking of’. Inclosure. divers Commonable Lands and Comniotjs, within the'

Parish of Saint Neot's, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

'*A Petition of the Merchants of Leeds, in the County Linen Trade, of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting (York.)

forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Committee is appointed, to enquire into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that some additional Duty on Foreign Linens, or Discoufagement the Import thereof, is intended; and that some Mea-fuse may be solicited, oppressive or injurious to the

Home

by

DeKbfd

Iodofort

and

Drainage.

Teas: (East India Company)

Ways and Means.

i -

654 i8# — 19'

Mbme Coolumptien of the Woollen Manufacture, or that may endanger the Foreign Export thereof: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, against any Innovation in Favour of any One particular Manufacture, to the Prejudice of the Woollen, the Staple Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Iineq Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chapelrjr of Defford, in the County of

cester-, and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the docking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Motion made upon Friday last, " That Leave " be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time " to the United Company of Merchants of England M trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo " and BoheaTeas remaining in their Warehouses unfold " on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-four, and for allowing the M Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker led the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and BoheaTeas remaining in their Warehouses unfold on the 5th Day of April 1774, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold on the 5 th Day-df April 1774, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas: Ana that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aprilis. A. 1774.

nies, and other Revenues* edmpofing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chau of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee*

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hop#, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Bagging of Hops, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Feilde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report, Private Bills, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Rules and Regulations to be observed by Persons applying to this House for Private Bills, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the Motion made Ditto, upon the 30th Day of March last, " That, after this B,u*for " Session of Parliament, in all Bills for Inclosures, K "*

" there be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them laid out,

" and assessed on the Parties concerned in the said Inclosures," be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, for the Dispo-fltion of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Mo-

Mart is, 19* die Aprilis;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Loton the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making

more

14 Ge6. Ilf. i 9° Apfilis. #5$

" more effectual an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King the First, for repairing the Roads from , in the County of " Bedford, to Westwood , in the same County, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hert- ford and of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tntdefmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said Counties of Bedford and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the.House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at , the Clerk’s. Table: Where the same was read; and is as followfeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Edward Read Thong, being examined, said. That

he is Clerk to the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution.

And he produced to your Committee, an Account of the Monies due on the Credit of the said Act, amounting to£.600, borrowed on Mortgage and Bonds; which, he said, cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, tmless -.the Term, and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Gate, in the said Coun-

ty, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. and the Earl of Upper

OJfory do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Spridlington An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosorc. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish of Spridlington, 'in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

*. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish of Spridlington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Twyford An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlets of Twyford and don, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlets of Twyford and Chamdon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bili to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Potterhanworth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Inclosure. antj Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wroot Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is Inclosure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IVroot, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon Thursday last*

Yol. $4.

reported from the Committee so whom the iartib hfld been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command; acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been in^ formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- -lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IVroot, in the County of *

Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrencei

The House was moved; That the Otder, made upon Kimholton» the 29111 Day of March last, " That Leave be given to " bring in a Bill for continuing the Tetm; and en- Roa<5l>

" larging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the " Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for " repairing the Road from the North End of Browns " Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of " don, through Kimboltoti. and H to the " Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County " of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to " the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington " Bridge, in the said County of ," might

be read.

And the said Order being read accordinglyl.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Report, which, upon the said 29th Day of March last, was made front the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown’s Lane, in Great " Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through

Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Post near " Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton,

" and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in " Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the " laid County of Huntingdon," was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, And enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Sto, in the County1 of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers,

to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and hom the Pound in Kim-

bolton, to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Hun/ingdon; and for repealing lo much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown’s Lane and the South End thereof: And that the Lord and the Lord

Hinchingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according Ditto; to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrer\, to the Way Poll near Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing lb much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the

8 E South

Easton

Inclosure.

Tewkesbury,

&c.

2d Did rift of Roads.

Battersea

new

Church.

Laleham

Inclosure.

Bnrnand’s

Nat.

Hoffham and Hanc’s Nat.

; ^.^1774.

.South. End thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b« read a Second Time.

The Lord Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Town ship, Parish, and Liberties, of Easton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of in

the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from Elftone Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Guise, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Batterfed, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish Church, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Vincent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of and Surrey, upon Monday Morning next, might be read!

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Instant

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing RaulBurnand, vtss committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholaas Hane, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

upon Thursday Sevennight, the 28 th Day of this April.

A Message from the Lords, by Nlr.' Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker, . *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ‘Aft Shoreditch Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poot, *>°or, within the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in thfe c* County of Middlesex ;and for building a Workhouse'; and for purchasing a Piece of Land’ for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish; without an Amendment: And also, .

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled'. An WheatMea!, Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity 'df &c. Wheat Meal, or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, (Hadson’s Pease, Beans, Malt, and.Biscuit, to Hudfm's Bay, in ay ' North America, for the Benefit ofii\\eHudforis Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re y without any Amendment: And also,: {

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds pap^ and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Fofter’* veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Fofter, and JLevina Davey Fofter, his Wife, in Hotdmgham and Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Fofter, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Fofter, ini Alderchurch, otherwise Algarkirke,'1 in the said County; of greater Value, in lieu thereof ;: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence -of this House;

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Canterbury, enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Henry &c-Penton, Esquire, and- Thomas Brandon, to grant Building Lease*. Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into for that Purpose; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messenger? withdrew.

A Bill to enable certain Persons, during the Minority Sj*- Joh" of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases* Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His' Dock. Majesty,: His Heirs and Successors, was read a Second Time. i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George 2 onge. Sir Richard W armickBamffylde ,&c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fletcher presented to the House, according to Teas, Order, a Bill for granting further Time to the United Indi* Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Company. Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Scott reported from the Committee, to whom Fife the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Highways County of Fife, was committed; That the Committee ??d had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the " same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 Sir

14 Geo. III.

19° Aprilis.

5*7

Ways and Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Means. from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Rcfolu-tion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred and Nineteen thousand Three, hundred and Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence- Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1774, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The 1. . h Sinking Fund.

*. j The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

to report, when the House will please to receive 'the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' ‘ r 1

1 —

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed 'fcj an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present' Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for improving and " completing the Navigation of the Rivers 'Thames and from the City of London to the TOwn of Cr/V^lade, in the County of Wilts," Was presented to the House, and read; Reciting a Petition from the Corporation of the City of London, against the Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as'rfftriinS the Coffi-miftioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London, and for improving the Navigation, of the River 'Thames, within the’ said Liberties; and Setting forth. That the Care, Improvement, arid Direction, of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames arid JJis, between London and Cricklade, are already intruded to the Petitioners and the Commissioners narped in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year oif th? Reign of ' his late Majesty, for the better carrying on ^hd rejgu-

SJlo&c11 A Rill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- lating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames :.and; ffts.

Lade*.

mon Fields, Meadows, Commonable r Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a . Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Barre, Mr. Hot ham, &c:.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Canterbury, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c* ' for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Henry

’ Renton, Esquire, and Thomas Brandon, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into ' for that Purpose, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to-y i"^|fnt, Qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to 1 indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes} and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bank of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotland, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Vol. 34.

from the City of London, WCftward, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of WiJ(s j and the- feti -tioners have Power to make Towing Paths, to regulate the Draft of Barges and Boats, and other Vessels, and all other the same Powers and Authorities (except the Powers of erecting Weira, Locks, Turnpikes, or Toll-Gates) over that District of the said Navigation to which the Liberties Of the City of London extend, as over the other Distrifts of the said Navigation;1 and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the additional Powers giv^rr to - them by the fai'<$ Bill are necessary, in order to enable tljem to effectuate- the Improvements of the aforesaid Navigation, which were the Objects of the fakf Act: of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty; and that: such- additional . Powers are not1 any Invasion of the Rights, Privileges, and Interests, of the City of Lon4ott: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill , and that the same may pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T^bie, until the said Bill be read a. Second Time. ‘

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give . Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Act of the General Court of the Province of Massachusets Bay, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Maryintituled, "An Act for " regulating of Townships, Choice ‘ of Town Officers,

" and setting forth their Powersand also Copies of all other Acts of the General Court of the said Province, for the Regulation of Townships and Town Meetings. ‘ v

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased td give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy' of an Act of the General Court of the Province of Massachusets Bay, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, for summoning, returning, and regulating, the Choice of Grand and Petty Juries; together with Copies of all other permanent or temporary Acts of‘ the said General Court,. relative thereto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses b,e presented to His Majesty by such Members of this Hopfe as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, that an ftft, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Coionics and Plantations in America -, for allowing a

" Drawback

Thames and lfis Navigation#

Maflachufefa

Bay.

Ditto,

North America: Duty on Tea.

190 — 20° Aprilis. . 1774.

« Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts,

" of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations,

*f for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China " Earthen Ware exported to America j and for more *l effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath.of Qualification, according; to the Laws made for those Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Duty of 3 d. per Pound Weight upon Tea, payable in all His Majesty’s Dominions in,

imposed by the said Act; and also the Appropriation of the said Duty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.jj^. F^f 49.

Teller, for,l,e Noes,l82.

So it passed in the Negative.

America: Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His

Boston, tic. Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, dated Boston, 7th July 1766: And also,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard the Earl of Hill/borough, dated Boston, 30th May 1768: And also,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Hill/borough, dated Boston, 6th July 177*; with a Copy of his Message to the House of Representatives, and of the Answer of the said House: And also,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Hill/borough, dated Boston, 29th May 1772:

And also,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 22d February 1773; And also.

Copies of the Speeches of Governor Hutchinson to the General Assembly of Bay, with the

Answers of the Council and House of Representatives: And also,

Copy of a Petition and Remonstrance from the House of Representatives of the Province of MaJJdchufets Bay, of the 14th of July 1772: And also.

Copy of a Petition to His Majesty from the House of Representatives of Massachusets Bay, dated 6th March 1773.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council,

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rate of Ordered, That the Bill for explaining an Act, made Interest. the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cloc^.

Mercurii, 2os die Aprilis;

Anno i4* Georgii III111 Regis, 1774-

1 '

Prayers.

Mil. Attorney General presented to the House, at- chanom-: cording to Order, a Bill for re-building the Six Clerk Office of the Six Clerks of tiid King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices: And the same was received > and read the First Time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Catherine Lady Dowager St our ton. Was Air tod presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, Stourton) intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder, in the county of .

" York and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for

making a Navigable Canal from the said River at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the

Town of Selby, in the said County; and Setting forth.

That the proposed Canal, from the River at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ok?:*, at or near Selby, is to be made and cut through divers Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioner, and through and acrose the Petitioner’s Mill Dam, and divers Low Grounds within the said Township of Selby, which will be very prejudi- . cial to the Petitioner’s Mill and Estate; and that, if the making a Canal from the River A to the River Ouze, at or near Selby, will be productive of public Utility, the Petitioner wou}d, with great Reluctance,' obstruct a Measure that will have that Effectbut, as flae is informed (hat a Canal may be made from the said River Air, to communicate with the River Ouze, at a Place called The Old Brick Garth, at Ouze Gate, arid within the said Township of Selby, and that the same will be of equal Use to the Public, and less injurious to the Petitioner than the proposed Canal; Therefore praying. That the Termination of the said intended Canal, from the River Air, to or near Selby aforesaid, may be varied; and that, instead thereof, the said Canal may terminate, and communicate with the said River Ouze, at a Place called The Old Brick Garth, at Ouze Gate End aforesaid; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as to Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That' the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Prisoners in Warwick Gaol, on Be- Prisonen: half of themselves, and all other Prisoners confined in Wj^wick Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Com- a0" plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fofter*» for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Fofter, Estates. and Levina Davey Fofter, his Wife, in Holdingham and Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Fofter, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Fofter, in Alderchurch, otherwise kirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. lloivard reported from the Committee, to whom Hanmw*!

the Bill for dividing and ir.cloling the Open and Com- '

6 mon Inclosure.

i-4 Geo III. 20° Aprilis, 59

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Common and . Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Failure, called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Richard Causton and Henry Causton, whose Estates in the said Parish are assessed to the Land Tax at 3. 7 6 per

Annum i and that the Whole of the Estates in the said Parish are assessed at £. 94. 8 6d. per Annum; and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

*Bank Sir Lawrence Dundas, according to Order, reported Scotland from Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were ageeed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Turnpike A Petition of several Persons, being common Car-fwTliin r'ers> or otherways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, Engine's")8 and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, since the erecting of Weighing Engines on Turnpike Roads, the Petitioners, in the course of their Business, find themselves unavoidably liable to severe Penalties, on Account . of the Weight of their Carriages and their Loadings; and that the Petitioners will always with Chearfulness submit to such Regulations as Parliament may think proper, as far as it may be in their Power; and representing to the House, that Circumstances may and do happen, which make it impossible for Carriers to know with Certainty that they shall not incur a Penalty for Overweight: And therefore praying. That they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto signed, is referred.

North Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Corn-

Shields, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named &c- and appointed to put in Execution an Act of - Parlia-Road* ment, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the " County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle " upon Tyne," was referred; That the Committee had -examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,

,'VOL. 34.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Philip Gibson, being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £.1,600 for the Purpose of making the said Road; which now remains owing on the Credit of the Tolls; and that it is not possible to repay the fame, and keep the said Road in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and some of the Tolls thereby granted enlarged.

That the said Road is of great Public Utility, being much frequented, and cannot be kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course prescribed by Law. y.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, ' to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edward Blackett, and Sir Walter Blackett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom St. Stephen,

the Petition of the Churchwardens and Vestrymen of Bristol, the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the Landholders of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Roger Watts, being examined, laid, That the Avenues to the said Church are very narrow and incommodious, and the Burying Place thereto belonging so final 1, that the Surface thereof is raised at least Five Feet higher than the natural Surface of the Earth; and that if proper Avenues were made, and a sufficient Burial Ground purchased, it would be a great Convenience to the Parishioners.

Mr. John Lewis, being examined, said, That the Parishioners have actually purchased some Lands and Buildings, and contracted for others, for the Purposes aforesaid; but‘are unable to effect such Purchases for Want of Money, and by Reason that the Persons who are seised and possessed of such Buildings and Premises are unable to make Conveyances thereof.

That proper Openings to the said Church would be highly beneficial to the said Parish; and that the Application for that Purpose, to Parliament, was approved of at a very numerous Meeting of the Parishioners, which was held in Consequence of an Advertisement publishijd Two successive Weeks in the Bristol Newspaper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill lor making commodious Ways and Passages to and near the Parish Church of Saint Stephen, in the City of Briftoli and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish: And that Mr. Brickdale, the Lord Clare, and Mr. Laroche, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Burgoyne reported from the Committee, to Kmrtiwough, whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth *« Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Inc, ofureAn Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District called The Forest of Kuarefborough, in the County of York, as lie within the " Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," was committed; and to whom the Petition of Mary Denijon, of Leeds, in the County of York, Widow, and Dudley Rockett, of the City of

8 F

66o 20° Apr His. . 1774.

York, Clerk, and Sarah his Wife; and also, the Petition of several Persons interested in divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Messuages, Burgage Houses, ancient Waste Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Constableries or Townships of Knaresborough and Scriven with Tenter gate, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of several Persons interested in divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold, Messuages, Burgage Houses, ancient Waste Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Constableries or Townships of Knaresborough and Scriven with Tentergate, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Persons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the Waste Lands lying within the Eleven Constableries of the District called The Forest of in the County of York; and also, the Petition of Daniel Lascelles, Esquire, Oliver , Esquire, Sir Savile

Slingsby, Baronet, and the Reverend and also, the Petition of Ellen Oxley and Francis Bedford, Owners and Proprietors of Copyhold Lands, and of John Clarke, Owner of a Copyhold ancient Waste Building, within the Constablery or Township of KnareJ-' borough, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the Reverend Thomas Collins, Clerk, Owner and Proprietor of divers Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Townships of and Clint, within the Forest of in the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had, pursuant to the Instructions given them by the House, made Provision in the said Bill, according to the Prayers of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties to the Bill had given their Content thereto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Rill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hull Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

fort and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Os*?* upon the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and ether Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Weddell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Provost and Magistrates of the

Borough of Inverkeithing, in the County of Fife, North Linen Trade. Britain, subserihing for themselves, and in Name and llnoetkel«hi««< Behalf of the Town Council and Community of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which the Petitioners alledge is chiefly owing to the great Importation of Foreign Linens; and, unless some speedy Remedy be provided, that valuable Branch of Trade mull entirely be given up; and letting forth,

That if proper Encouragement was given to our Manufacture, and the Importation of Foreign Linens discouraged, the Trade would be easily doubled, and the Manufacturers of Damalk and Diaper and Table Linens would, in a little Time, be fully able to supply the whole Demand thereof, both for Home Consumption and Expotation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give such Aid and Relief to the distress'ed State of the Linen Manufacture as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into thep elent State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Election consider of the Laws now in being, relative to the Law*. Election or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, have Power to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, who were Ditto, appointed to consider of the Laws now in being, relative to the Election or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament; and wrho were impowered to leport their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Refaction, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwa ds delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, M An Act " to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections " of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

" and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of returning Officers at such EleClions," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Elect.on of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced, and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

And Mr. Hotham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections " of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

" and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Cor\duct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating; the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magi- ft rates

Kiighorn Duties on Ale and Beer.

Swansea

Market,

Ac.

Upton

Snodfoury

Inclosure.

Efberger’s

Nat

Bverth's

Nat.

Bczancenet’s

Nat.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

La nen Trade*

14 Geo. lit.

strates and Council of a Borough, which ought iri Course to be the presiding Borough at an Election* happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made: And that Mr. the Lord

Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord George Mr. Frede-

rick Montagu, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from' the Lords; by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for fixing arid regulating a Public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste and Common^ able Lands, within the Parish of Upton , iri

the County of Worcester; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick EJbergerto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords havepafled a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Everth; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Bezancenet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mor ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.*

The other Order of the Day being read; .

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir ’Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee!

That they had further heard the Merchants and Traders to Germany and Holland', and the Dealers in Foreign Linens from those Countries fefident in London, upon their Petition; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that he was directed by the Corhrttittee to move. That they ihay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houlhbld reported to the North House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His ^®er>c«. Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Papers in the said Addresses mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jdvis± 21° 'die Af rilis;

.. Anno 140 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

PrAyers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning arid Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed. a Bill, intituled, An Act Creaac’a for veiling the settled Estate of Francis and

Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, in Tniftees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stephens, from the commissioners for executing Longitude, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

An Account of what Money has been issued; by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuarice of art Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual " several Acts, for providing a Reward for discovering " the Longitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and " for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements usefuj to Navigation."

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

Voj.. 34.

Navy

A. 1774.

66 3 a 10 Aprilis.

Navy Office, the 19th April 1774.

An ACCOUNT of what Moriey has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, paised in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for rendering more " effectual several Acts for providing a Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea j for improving the " Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements " useful to Navigation j" prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 15th April 1774.

To whom, and upon what Account.

Dates of the Certificates from the Commissioners of the Longitude to the Commissioners of the Navy, for Payment of the Money.

Times when the Bills were passed for the same by the Commissioners of the Navy.

To Mr. Larcum Kendall, for the Second Moiety of the Price of a Watch, made with Mr. Im-

provements, £.225. More, as a Compensation for his extraordinary Trouble and Loss of Time in adjusting the said Watch for Nine Months after it was made, and taking it to Pieces, as also that made by Mr. Harrison, that their Parts might be the more

readily compared, and putting them together again, £.50 in both -

To the Reverend Dr. Anthony Plumian Pro-

fessor of Astronomy, &c. at Cambridge, by way of Imprest, to enable him to defray the Expences of Paper, and of computing, printing, iAc. of the general Tables for correcting the Effects of Parallax and Refraction -

To the Reverend Mr. Nevil , Astronomer

Royal, by way of Imprest, in order to enable him to defray the Expence of computing Tables of the Distance of the Moon from the Sun, and Zodiacal Stars, and other incident Expenses, in the Service of the Commissioners of the Longitude To Messrs. William Richardson and Co. Printers, the Amount of their Bill for printing Nautical Alma-

nacks, Mayer's <fheodoria , Part of his Solar

Tables, &c. -

To Messrs. Wright and Gill, Stationers, the Amount of

their Bill for Paper supplied for printing the said1

Nautical Almanacks, tsc. - -

To Mr. John Bradley, Mathematical Ulherof the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, the Amount of his Bill of Disbursements for Carriage of an Observatory, Instruments, and other Necessaries,' to and from the Lizard, and of his Expences whilst there to make Observations of the last Transit of Penns To Mr. John Bradley, Mathematical Ulher of the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, the further Sum of £.21. and to Mr. Neherniah Hunt, Master of His Majesty’s Ship Arrogant, who accompanied and assisted the' said Mr. Bradley, £.10. ioj. in Consideration of the' Trouble they respectively had upon that Occasion;' in both -

To the Reverend Dr. Anthony Shepherd, Plumian Professor of Astronomy at C, in Addition to what he has already had, to enable him to defray the Expence of Paper, and of computing, printing, £sV. the general Tables for correcting the Effects of Parallax and Refraction, by way of Imprest, the further Sum of - -

To the Reverend Mr. Nevil Majkelyne, Astronomer Royal, to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemerides, for the Years 1773 and'1774, by way of Imprest -

To Mr. Charles Mason, who has been employed by the Astronomer Royal, to make some additional Calcu-8

3 March 1770

2i June

D*

D*

30 March 1770

31 July

D*

3 August

D°

D*

21 June 1770

10 December

3 Jv&ft 1770

H January

D#

Sums*

£ s. d.

275 — —

600 — i —

*5°

2J3 *4 $ 76 *5 3

36 7 6

31 10 < —

400 — —

450 -

lations

,/4 a

i4 Geo. III.

ai

663

lations to the Places of the Moon and fixed Stars (deduced from the late Dr. Bradley's Observations by the said Mr. Mason> who was his Assistant) in order to add their Longitudes and Latitudes, which were wanting in many Places, for his Trouble in making the said Calculations, which the Astronomer Royal represents cod him more than a Year’s hard Labour; and as a Reward fora Set of Lunar Tables, necessary to render the above Calculations of Use,

which he has given up -.....r

To Mr. John Arnold, Watchmaker, to enable him to go on in his Endeavour to bring to Perfection an Improvement of a Watch Machine or Time-keeper, which, from the Result of a Trial already made of it by the Astronomer Royal, at the Observatoryat Greenwick, and the Explanations which Mr. Arnold has given of it, the Commissioners have Reason to think will, when perfected, be an Improvement useful to Navigation, by way of Imprest -

To the said Mr. Arnold, the better to enable him to proceed in perfecting his new improved Watch Machine or Time-keeper, the same being advanced to him in Part of Payment for such a Number of the said Watch Machine or Time-keeper, as the Commissioners of the Longitude may think fit to purchase of him, by way' of Imprest ----- r

To Mrs Elizabeth Tew> of IJIinglon, for the late Mr. FlamJhatTs Papers, which were found in her Pofief-lion; confiding of many Volumes, and containing, amongst other Things, all his Original Observations, from 1670 to 1719, the Year of his Death; which Papers were brought from the House of the Royal Society (where they had been deposited) and delivered to the Commissioners of the Longitude, for the Use

of the Public - - - -....

To the Reverend Mr. Nevil Mafielyne, Astronomer Royal, in Addition to what he has already had, to enable him to pay Persons to compute and compare Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemerides, for the Years 1775 and 1776, by way of Imprest To William Wale\ and William Bail/ie, each £. 150, in Part of (and to be deducted hereafter from) an Allowance of £. 400. per Annum each, commencing the 25th January 1772, to be made them by Order of the Commissioners of the Longitude, they being appointed to go out in the Resolution and Adventute, in order to make Nautical and Astronomical Observations, and to perform other Services tending to the Improvement of Navigation, iSc* by way of Imprest ——

To Mr. Lamm Kendall, Watchmaker, for a new Watch Machine constructed by him in Consequence of Orders from the Commissioners of the Longitude, wherein some of the expensive Parts of that which has been made by Mr* John Harrifonfor the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, have been left out, and other Alterations made, in order to reduce the Price, and by that Means bring such Watch Machines within the Reach of Purchase for General Use, the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, which they have judged reasonable to pay him for the said Watch Machine, in Consideration of the great Trouble and Expence which he represents has attended the making of ft, being the first of its Kind -

To Meiirs. William and John Riehdrdjon, Printers* the Amount of their Bill for printing Nautical Alma-Lr*Stacks, fafr. between August 1769 and January 1772, inclusive ——

To William Wales and William Baillie, each £. 100, in Part of (and to be deducted hereafter from) the AL lowances agreed to be made them by the- Commissioners of the Longitude, the better to enable them to fit themselves out for their present intended \oyage, and to defray their necessary Expences before they fail, by way of Imprest -

1 - - /; tl,'\, \ \ f.

t J . j V , 1 -y D* ! ’ t l4. ( \ ’ ‘ ' ' 1 i ' 1.: D°(i6) . --i» > .

,.5'r (> C V t i): " . }\ f ,\V. ’ lo . i-fj '.1 A ! r .1 vJ

2 fyfarck 1771 1 1 26 March

> 1 f . > 14 November -A V^\tuY\\ L *j la December riot , *».

) .0". 1 .*;i; v; „ ' j */ vii^i z jcfiv/ori A *\i; . t'jsl j. f, v*i v/i f >

0 1: 14 November 1771; vjcjd:; Ir'isjt)# ‘ »^ j 1 r f r 1 Tt // ir>; JJ 19 December 1771 1.. d i/e.d i . l

i if r: o.l , n r , ’ rtaiA r n, i

D° . > 1 rr j.jjiriol irii I' ''*'! i D° „b v^irirrLW) (<’ ► . , it*; r .!/> n

' M . f > 11 i t < 1 ' »V .*4 1 ' M ‘ '!

j...' C.:A Z ISiS I J'. i.

rsrinui iu V. y. i: 2 c January T772 , f [ 1 1 Jnrdi ... 7 ii. i; ' c v it.hr/ iv. ;b! zz// c fv, Lhruhuli ^0 January 1772 i'l CT. . 1 ' M v \: To m..: \ u Jt pjT; !

T ’.a Vi 1 . -Rw Hujo i.., Jl' /. OVv r ffl 14 May j joup . *> * «r y ' 1 ' "v /. % . ] i ' ! 28 May

' tf }ocnyiei d . 01 < D* !C ’ ‘. V ^; D°

u V H

14 May 1772 28 May 1772

150

10

200 —

300-----

’ ,'H: : rfi bafcvhuli ' hmO iU oT

uv issyj J 1QO —

4 —

Mod v;

fine ! vi

"< ( *1 *'

1 wnn *-}*

00

l\\

iojn.ii)

J J fii! . > 1 i -.

v>t uhixM

VJQ

400 — —

134 8 —

200 — —

.V

V^t. 34.

8 G

To

u.

A, 1774

To the Revereiid. Dr. Anthony Shepherd, a further Im-prest,- to enable him to defray the Expence of computing, printing, (Ac. the Tables for correding the Effects of Parallax and Refradion, which are now completed ——

To Messrs. Wright and Gill, Stationers, the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied for printing Nautical

Almanacks.....- - -

To Messrs. Peter and John Dolland, of St. Poufs Church Yard, Mathematical Instrument Makers, the Amount of their Bill for Instruments supplied for the Use of Messrs. Wales and Baillie, who are going out in His Majesty’s Sloops the Resolution and Adventure, to make Nautical and Astronomical Observations -To Mr. Edward Naime, of Comhill, Optical and Mathematical Instrument Maker, the Amount of his Bill for Instruments supplied by him for the Use of the said Ob fervors -

To Mr. Mark Burton, of the Strand, Mathematical Instrument Maker, being the Amount of his Bill for Instruments supplied by him for the Use of the said Observers -

To Mr. George Adams, of Fleet Street, Mathematical Instrument Maker, the Amount of his Bill for Instruments supplied by him for the Use of the said Observers ——

To Mrs. Mary Wales, Wife of Mr. William Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th July 1772, for the better Support of herself and Family during her Hu (band’s Absence, the feme to be hereafter deduded from the Allowance to be made him - -

To Mr. Charles Mason, as a Reward for his Trouble in improving Mayer's Tables, by reducing the Method of Computation, on which Work he has been solely employed for near Two Years, and by which the Errors of those Tables have been reduced about a

Half....

To Mrs. Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th January 1773 - -- -To the Reverend Mr. Thomas Parkinson and Mr. Israel Lyons, both of Cambridge, the Sum of £. too each, for their Trouble in examining the Errata in the general Tables' of Refradion and Parallax, lately published, and in Consideration of their having had much more Trouble in calculating the said Tables than was at first expected - -- -- -To Mrs. Wales, Half a Year’s Allowance, to the 24th

July 1773 - -- -....

To Mr. John Arnold, Watchmaker, by way of further Imprest, in Part Payment for such a Number of his Watch Machines or Time-keepers as the Commissioners of the Longitude may think fit to purchase of him, in Part of 200 which was ordered him, but no more of the Money voted by Parliament for Longitude Purposes was left un-issued.....-

13 June

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

25 January

28 November 177 2

6 March 1773

22 September

N.B. The Sum of £.871. is. id. Part of this Account, is a Surplus remaining uniffued the 1.6th March 1770 (when the last Account was laid before the honourable House of Commons) of Money voted for Longitude Purposes, by Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 5th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and the remaining Sum of £.$,000 wasiffued pursuant to the Ad> passed in the 10th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, which is quoted in the Title of this Account.

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Five thousead Eight hundred, and Sevepty-one Pounds One Shilling and One Penny. - .

H. Palliser, Geo.Marsh, T. Brett,

W. Palmer,

Ordered,

Customs: Linen Trade.

Insurancet

upon

Lives*

' Teas: East IndU Company.

Marring worth inclosure.

Leicester

to

Peterborough,

&c*

Roads.

14 Geo. tit. in0.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House;

The House being informed that Mr. frdm

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

' An Account of the Value of the different Species of British Manufacture and Produce exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Ruffin, and Ireland; distinguishing the Value of Woollen Goods under one general Head, from Christmas 1770 to 1773; distinguishingeach Year: Andalfo,

An Account of the total Amount of the Value of all Foreign Goods and Merchandize exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Bvjfia, and Ireland, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Country, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Value of all British Manufactures and Produce exported from England, to Holland, Germany, Russia, and ,from

Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Country, and edth Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Pejfons insured, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses untold on the Fifth Day of April One. thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

- Mr. George Bridges Brudene/l presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open- and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudendl be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing-knd widening the Road from the borough of LektJkkfitoa by the North-Side

of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of >

- Vol. 34.

665

and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough%in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell presented to the House. Ditto, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of to and by the

North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Watisford, in the County of ampton; and from thence to Peterboro, in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efberger’* for naturalizing Christian Frederick , was read Nac.

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thames and Isis Navigation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London; and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames within the said Liberties, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, who petitioned this House upon the 13th Day of this Instant April, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, agarnft the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onfloiv, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and others. Copy Right whole Dependence is on the Trade of Bookselling and R , Printing, residing in the City of Edinburgh, was pre- 00 fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the (Edinburgh.) Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Booksellers in London, Westminster, and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors, or their Assigns, for a Time to be therein limited; and being informed, that the Aim of the London Booksellers, since the Failure of their late

Attempt to gain a dangerous and perpetual Monopoly at Common Law, is now to obtain an Exercise, for a limited Time, of the same exclusive Privilege, beyond the Terms of the Act of Queen Aand to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, they think it their Duty to submit to the House, that the special Indulgence prayed for by the London Booksellers will, if granted, be highly injurious to the Rights of all who, in this Part of the Kingdom, are concerned in Bookselling, the Paper Manufacture, the Art of Printing, and other Branches therewith connected; and that, in the Paper Mills alone belonging to this City, there are many Hundreds of Perlqps employed; and the Booksellers,

Bookbinders,

666

Bookbinders, and Printers, there, are dill more numerous, who will all be moll materially affected, and some of them ruined, by the Consequences of the Bill, should it pats into a Law, and should it prevent them from re-p/inting English Books, when the Terms of the Act of Queen Anne are expired; few or no Competitions, even of Scotch Authors, are published originally in Scotland; and the Petitioners have hitherto lived chiefly by re-publishing, when permitted by the Act of Queen Anne; and their Bufinds must be given up altogether, if any further Monopoly is conferred upon the London Booksellers; and that, being at a Didance from the Capital, they have no Means of knowing with Certainty the Nature of the Relief which is prayed for by those who have applied for the Bill; but if, from the supposed Hardship of a particular Cafe, or the Confident ion of a lingle Inconvenience, the House should be led into a general Measure of enlarging the Terms of the Statute, such an Extension of the Monopoly will be the Ruin of many Families in , as well as preju-

dicial to the Community at large; and that Literary Property at Common Law never existed even in Idea in Scotland; the Attempt made feme Time ago to introduce it into Scotland was received with universal Difap-

probation; and, after a full Discussion of its Merits, was over-ruled by a Judgment of the Supreme Court; the Petitioners have, in consequence of the established Law of their Country, and inveterate Usage, expended large Sums of M >ney in the Printing of Books., which were not within the Protection granted by the 8th of Queen Anns, and in the Materials for Printing; they have Stocks of these Books upon Hand, and many are now printing'; and, if they-are to be exposed to Search and Seizure by the London Booksellers, and to vexatious Prosecutions before the Courts of Law, for exercising what they have all along considered to be their undoubted legal Right, and all in Consequence of a Law made ex post facto, they cannot but think their Situation extremely hard; and that the Petitioners know no Merit on the Part of the London Booksellers, to intitle them to such an undue Preference, and far lcfs are they con-feious of having committed any Crime, which should draw upon them those severe Forfeitures which will ensue upon the Law now proposed: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill; and that a reasonable Time may be allowed to fend their Witnesses to London, for proving all Fasts material to their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, be brought in.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Bezancenet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis and

Sarah his Wife, in the County of in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Inch Sale, in the Purchase of other Hands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Everth, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the 26th. and 2.7th. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so

2

A. 1774.

far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Tocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the d own of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, lo £>r as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Tocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Ca,in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfreio.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Fellowthip of English Merchant? for Discovery of New Trades, commonly called " The " Russia Company," who petitioned this House upon the First Day of March lad, be at liberty to be Ward, by themselves, before the Committee, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ara thereunto subs. ribed, being the principal Contributors to a Loan of Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred Pounds, advanced, upon the Faith of Parliament, to Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of H is present Majesty’s Reign, and (as they then were and dill are persuaded) intruded with an exclusive Power of improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of fVilts, in the Fird, as well as in every other. Didrift of the said Rivers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Clause in the said Act, for the Repeal of which a Bill is depending, the said Commissioners are disabled from erecting certain Works in the said Fird Didrift, whereby the Navigation in that DiL trift will, if such Disability continues, be, in a short Time, rendered impracticable, and the Tolls annihilated; and therefore requed, that the said Bill may pass into Law; and that the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, wherein they declare they are willing to improve the said Navigation to the utmodoftlieir Abilities; and that the Petitioners are appreheafive, that as noSe-. curity is offered in the said Petition in Support of that Declaration, the good Intention of the said Commission-ers may be thereby hindered from taking Effect, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Petition from the said Lord Mayor* Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of, London, may not prevail.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, un;il the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing lo much of an Aftymade in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigational the Rivers Thames and Jfu, from the City of to the lown

of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as itflrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London -, and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames within the said Liberties is committed.

The Lojrd North presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Lords of Trade, dated Biflon, 7th July vj66: And also

N' 2.

210 Aprilis.

G

Linen T raJc.

(Russia Com pan y.)

Thames and His Navigation.

Ntwtk

America;

Boftor,

&c.

14 Geo. III. 210 — 22 . 667

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Boston, 30th May 1768: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a letter front Governor to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated Bofioti, 6th 1771; with a Copy of his Message to the House of Represen-tatives, and the Answer of the said House: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Hillsboroughdated Boston, 29th May 1772, with an Inclosure: And also,

N° 5. Extrail of a Letter from Governor Hutchinson to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 2 2d February 1773: Arid also,

N° 6. Printed Copy of the Speeches of Governor Hutchinson to the General Assembly of the Massachusets Bay, with the Answer of the Council and House of Representatives.: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Petition and Remonstrance to the King, from the House of Representatives of the Province of Mafachufets Bay, dated 14th July 1772: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Petition to the King, from the House of Representatives of the Province of Bay,

dated 6th March 1773.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

Maflachafets The Lord North presented to the House. according to Bay. Order, a Bill for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the MaJJ'achufets Bay, in New England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

; . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read, a. Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Party Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do make the Walls. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Taylor dad James Adam, Esquires, Joint Architects of His Majesty’s Works, in Behalf of the Builders of London and Westminster, was referred.

Mr. Alderman Harley accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast- contained in the said Petition; and had directed a State thereof to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the 'Matter of Fast ntained in the said Petition is as follows:

An Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating Buildings and Party Walls, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and other Places therein mentioned, was read. And, .

- Mr. John Jordan, a Builder, being examined, said. That , the said Act is in many Respects defective, and particularly in the Provisions relating to Party Walls being confined to Dwelling Houses only; so that the

feme is of no Effect for preventing the spreading <jf Fire from Offices, Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Buildings.

That some of the Provisions are contradictory; one Part thereof requiring the Walls of the Ground Story of every House to be Two Bricks and an Half in Thick-ness, and another Part, no more than Two Bricks; and that several Actions have been brought upon this Part of the Act for Penalties, to the Amount of £. 20,000, for Buildings not worth One Fifth Part of that Sum.

Vol. 34.

That there are several Terms made use of in the said Act, which Builders do not understand; and he instanced that of Flank or Side Walls.

That Builders are subject to many Penalties by the said Act, for Things that aTe either unavoidable or unne-ceflary; that he has known Actions brought against Builders for insignificant Projections of not more than Two Inches, for conveying Water from the Fronts of Houses, where it could not be done by Pipes, without great Inconvenience.

Mr. Charles Mills, a Builder, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Jordan.

Mr. Charles Groves, a Builder to His Majesty, being examined, laid, That a Prosecution was commenced against a Builder, for not Lime Whiting the Back of a Chimney, although it was absolutely unnecessary, as it was clear from the next House, and could not be deemed a Party Wall.

And all the Witnesses said, That the Meaning of the said Act is in many Places so doubtful, and the Penalties thereby inflicted lb numerous, that it is impossible for Builders to carry on their Business, without being subject to frivolous Ptofecutions brought against them by common Informers.

Your Committee then proceeded to enquire into the Prosecutions already commenced for Penalties imposed by the said Act. And,

Mr. John Jordan, being again examined, produced to your Committee an Account of Thirty-four Actions commenced upon the said Act, the Declarations upon which were for t-bi Sum of£. 39,600; and 161 Actions, upon which there are yet no Declarations; but supposing these to be in proportion to the other 34, they will amount to no less than £.187,517. 12J. ii.J And he informed your Committee, that the whole Value of the Buildings for which the said Penalties have been supposed to be incurred, does not amount to One Fifth of that Sum.

Mr. ‘John Pardon, an Attorney, being examined, said. That he is employed in defending a Builder in Three Actions brought against him upon the said Act, for Penalties amounting to T-3>95°» the Declarations upon which consist of 520 Sheets, though the Buildings for which these Actions are commenced, are only Six l’mall Houses, in the Parish of Saint John, which

the Owner has offered to fell for,£. 456.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the morecffeftually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and the Lord Mayor of London do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Aprilis $

Anno 14® Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1774.

' /. . ' ii

Prayers.

LORD BrownlowBertie presented to the House, Timberhnd according to Order, a Bill for dividing and in- Inclosure. doling the Open and Common Fields, Common Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in; the County of Lincoln: And the feme was received; and read the First Time. i" 1.. .1 . .» :»'p *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

8 11 Mr.

>6 8 22 Aprili1774:

Mr. Kennedy presented to the House, according to being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made ill affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to di(-

the Townm Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, charge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom, be. in the County of Ayr; and for repairing and widening now read.

certain other Roads, within the said County of Ayr tAnd the said Order being read accordingly;

And the same was received; and read the First Time. The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles took the Chair of the Com-

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and mittee.

Bridges in the County of Fife, was read the Third Mr. Speaker resumed die Chair.

Time. Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Com-

The Amendment following was proposed to be mittee. That they had examined a Witness; and

made to the Bill; viz. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend.-.

Pr. 3,1. 36, 37. To leave out " any of the Edits-!

" burgh News Papers," and infer! " Manner herein after-mentioned" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was. amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fife.

Ordered, That General Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Walter reported from the- Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Govenor, Assistants, and Guardians, of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined! the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared- to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third* intituled, "An Act for erecting " Hospitals and Workhouses, within the City and " County of the City of Exon, for the better employing " and maintaining the Poor there," was read whereby certain Persons were incorporated for the Purposes of the said Act. And,

An Act, passed, i n the 31 ft Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, was also read. Then,

The Reverend Mr. John Stabback, being, examined^ said, That by the great Increase of the Poor, as. well as by the Increase of the Price of Provisions, the said Governor and Guardians have been obliged to contract a Debt of £. 1,981, which they are unable to dischafcge unless empowered to borrow a Sum of Money for that Purpose, and for the future Support and Maintenance of the said Poor; and that the said Acts are ineffectual to-answer ..the Pucppfes thereby intended, unless the same are explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exeter, and for better employing and maintaining the Poor there;, and to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectual carrying the Purposes of the said? Acts into Execution: And that Mr. Walter, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Buller

of Exeter, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, foe the Time 5 ' -

ments thereunto; which they had directed him. to> report, when the House will- please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for regulating the Usage and Stocking of St Neot’s divers Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Common*. Parish of Saint Neot's in the County of was

read a Second Tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stephens, the Lord Hinc.kingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill-from the Lords, intituled, An Act UresuWbMe's for vesting in John Eari of Breadalbsme and his Heirs, EfUre. in Fee Simple, certain lAnds, Part of his entailed Effete, in the County of Argyll; and for settling, in Lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and inter- sperfed with, the tend enfeded Effete, was Dead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Drummond, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of sundry Booksellers in London and _CoP7 Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and thefr Brethren in the Country:And also, .:; Booksellers,

A Petition of the Printers and Booksellers of the &c.

City and University of Glasgowr <

Were severally presented to the House, and' read Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is mlking ter the House, for giving an exclusive Right, for a limited Time, to the Booksellers of London and Westminster, of printing Bobks that ate- not protested by the Statute of the 8th of Queen!

Anne, and for a further Extemfion of Right beyond what is granted by the said Statute’; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be beaid, by their Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill sots Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchaserc of such Copies from Authors on their Assigns, for a Time therein to be*

limited, be brought in:

A Petition of Mrs. Sarah Winford, of the Parish (A Thame* Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, was prefen ted .?n4 to the House, and read; Taking Notice of foe Bill fop 1 aviS*tl0D' repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh-Year of His present Majesty, for improving and com-' pleting the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from, the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, itv - the

i;4 Geo. III.

22

Aprilis.

669.

the County of Wilts, as rest rains the Commissioners until the’ said Bill should be brought fortnight be again; from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the read.

City of London, and for improving the Navigation of And the feme-being read'accordingly;.

the River Thames, within the said Liberties; and letting, Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard, by. their

forth. That the Commissioners have, in the Execution Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, upon of the said Act, made a new Gut in the said Parish* of their Petition, if they think fit.

Great Marlow, and have erected a new Lock in the Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at Weir near the Mills called Alar low Alills, by Means the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the whereof the Barges and Vessels employed in the Navi- said Petitions, gation of the said River Thames that used, before the1 laid Cut and Lock were made, to pals and repass upon; the other Branch of the said River, at a Distance from, the House of the Petitioner, are now necessarily obliged to navigate upon that Branch of the said River which

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Ticne upon; Wednesday Sevennigbr, the 4th Day of next. i

A Petition of the fereral Persons thereunto sub- Colliers,

&c.

lies dole adjoining to the Garden Wall belonging feribing,. Proprietors of Coal Mines, or Salt Works, in Coal-bearers, to the Petitioner, to the great Nuifence and Inconve- that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, waspresented nience, as well as to the Detriment of her Property :, to the House, and read Setting forth, That the Peti-And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted tionens observe, that Application is making, without in the said Bill, to prevent any Road, or Towing Path, their Knowledge or Consent, for Leave to bring in a-being made between the Garden Wall belonging to the Bill, for emancipating Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters,

House of the Petitioner, in the Parishof Great Marlow, in Scotlanand that tire Petitioners are as yet unac-

and the Navigation of the River Thames -, and also to quainted with the Heads of the said Bill, and ignorant prevent any Barge, Vessel, or Float, being anchored, ©£ its Tendency, either in a public or in a private View; moored, or fattened, ioany Part between Marlow Bridge but whatever Tendency it may have in other Respects, and the new Pound Lock lately e reded near the said an Alteration of the present Law, with regard to Colliers Bridge (in the said Parish of Great Marlow)except at and Salters, mutt very materially affect the Property of the Public Wharfs, during such Time as they are load- the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to

ing and unloading; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conhcferation of a Committee: And that they <lo examine and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

dismiss the said Bill, or at least allow the Petitioners to b« heard, by Counsel, why the same ought not to pase into a; Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tar ble, until the Bill for altering, explaining, and amending,. several Acts of the Parliament of respect>

ing Colliers, Goal-bearers, and Salters, be read a Second.

And it is referred to Mr. Dowdesweil, Mr. Freeman-, Time; andl that the Petitioners be then heard, by their

Meadow*

Name.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Sir Charles Banbury reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Meadows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname

Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

General Howard presented to the House, according Grosvenor to Older, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Paving, &c, Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy

apd Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Eliza- a Rate on themselves, for railing Money, effectually to beth Theobald, Widow, deceased, was committed; That pave, cleanse, light, water, fence, embellillr, and keep

the. Committee had examined the Allegations of the in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging the m

Billi, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

from all Rates or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Purposes: And the feme was received; and read the First Time;

Rtfcbved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe.

A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Ditto.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Brnbuiy do carry the Bill Execution the fevetal'Acts, of Parliament, for paving, (Westminster

to the Lords, and acquaint them,.That this House hath ckanfing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, CommissionerO

agreed to the feme, without any Amendment. and othei* Places, within the City and Liberty of West-

and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House,

Copy Mr. Feilde presented to the House, according to Or- and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe.

Rights der, a Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veil- by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill

of ing the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasera of to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square1, in the

such Copies from Author* or their Assignp, for a Time County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on thern-therein to be limited;: And the same was received; *ntf selves, for raffing Money, effectually to pave, cleanse, read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Book fellers in London and Wifi minster, on Behalf of themselves and their Brethren, in

light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates or Payments, to which they are now liable for those' Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the ex-the Country; and also, the Printers and Book tellers of eluding the said Square from the Provisions of the said the City and University of Glasgow, who have this Day. Acts will be a manifest Injury to the Whole of the

petitioned this House against the said Bill, be heard, by Parishes and Places within the Petitioners Jurisdiction: thair Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and others, whose Dependance is on the Trade of Booksellin°: and Printing, residing in

And thexefore praying. That they may be heard, by

their Counsel, against such Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, Ditto, the City of Edinburgh, which wits Yesterday presented repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint CommiXacr!) to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table James, in the Liberty of pursuant to an Act,

Vol. 34. . passed

670

22*

j. 1n4.

passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent," was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Leave

fiven to bring in a Bill, as mentioned in the preceding ’etition; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that the exempting the Inhabitants of the said Square, or of any other Squares or Places containing high-rented Houses, from the Powers and Regulations of the said Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty, and in the other Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, Westminster and Parts adjacent, will be a great Hardship upon the Inhabitants of such Places, within the Jurisdiction of the said Acts, as conlift of lower-rented Houses and Premises; and the Petitioners fear that the general Plan, calculated for the Benefit of the Whole of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places, comprized in the said Acts, will be thereby defeated, or at lead rendered very difficult; and that the Securities given for Money advanced on the Credit of the said Acts will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their - Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as relates to excluding the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square from the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts above-mentioned; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as the House Hull think proper.

(St. Anne’s A Petition of the Committee for paving, repairing. Committee.) cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Anne, -minster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the Leave given to bring in the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, if such Bill is carried into a Law, exempting the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square from the general Powers and Regulations already granted by Parliament, such Exemption will not only throw a heavier Burthen upon the several Parishes and Places within their Jurisdiction, but may, in its Consequence, be productive of greater Evils, and subversive of the general Plan of Regulation obtained by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law; and that they may have such Relief in the Pre-qjifes as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money, effectually to pave, cleanse, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Purposes, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Bankers. The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Estates of such Persons as are Bankers only, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within a certain Distance thereof, liable to the Payment of their own and Partnership Debts and for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and for regulating the Manner of issuing Bankers Promissory Notes; and for inflicting further Punishment on Clerks to Bankers, who shall embezzle Money or Effects: And the same . was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 6th Day of May next.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Bude Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal Tamer from the Port or Harbour of Bade, in the Parish of canal. Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the Navigable Part of the River Tamer, in the Parish of in

the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Rawmarth to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- lndofure. mon Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

marsh\in the West Riding of the County of YorkAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according A comb to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Hold1*1 Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Com- i„ciJfure. mons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Acomb and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Magistrates and principal Dealers Linen

and Manufacturers, in the City of Brecchine, North Trade

Britain, was presented to die House, and read; Com- (Brecchine.) plaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture; and praying the House to take under their Consideration the decaying State of the Linen Manufacture in North Britain, and grant such Relief as shall appear most meet.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, Town Coun- Ditto, cil, and Merchants, in the Borough of Montrose, North (Montrofc.) Britain, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Decline of the Linen Manufacture, which, the Petitioners alledge, is owing to the great Quantities of Foreign Linens imported at Duties inadequate to their real Values.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Massachusets Reading of the Bill for the better regulating the Govern- B*y ment of the Province of the Majfachnfets Bay, in Nohh Oovejnen America, be now read.:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Hrednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read ",

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means 'for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. -1

And then the House adjourned till Monday

1 Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

Dean, &c. of

Canterbury’s

Building

Leases.

Bainton,

&c.

Inclosure.

jowis and Mason’s E dales.

Eudfton

Inclosure.

Polefhill

Inclosure.

14 Geo. Ill* 2$6 Aprilis. 71

Luna, 2 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 14° Georgii III*14 Regis, 1774^ Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of ' ter bury, Henry Penton, Esquire, and Thomas Brandon, to grant Building Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into for that Purpose, was read a Secohd

rn*

I ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Penny man reported from the Committee, td whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwith; in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to fenable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Compositioni to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom. Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Pennyman prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rudflo in the East Riding of

the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Folejhill, in the County of the City of Coventry, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given VOL. 34.

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Persons, possessed of Six Acres of Land, Two of whom refused to sign, but said they would not oppose, the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contains 305 Acres 26 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Houset; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Of the Committee (except several Persons who are assessed to the Land Tax, for Lands to be inclosed, to the Amount of £9. 7 4 r d. per Annum; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax, to the Amount of £. 51.

1 or. ik'd, per Annum) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment waS made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Committee for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Mid to make and levy a

Rate on themselves, for raising Money, effectually to pave, cleanse, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square, and for discharging them from all Rates or Payments to which they are now liable for those Purposes; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pals into a Law, and the said Square taken out of the Power of the Commissioners for raving, and the Committee for the Parish, the same will be a manifest Injury to the remaining Part of the Parish wherein the said Square is situate, and to the Whole of the Parishes and Places in general, And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Bill, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Committee for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the City and Liberty of and

County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read ‘, likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, in case such Bill should pass into a Law, it will be of dangerous Example; for should the Inhabitants of Squares and opulent Places be allowed to withdraw themselves from the other Parts of the respective Parishes, it will render them incapable of performing the Works intended by the present Paving Acts: And therefore praying, That they

8 I may

Finningley

Indofare.

Grosvenor

Square

Paving:

(St. Martin in the Fields.)

Ditto.

(St Clement Danes.)

#72

a 5° Apr

A. 1774.

may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Bill, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ditto. A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, ^HofbotnT rcpming, cleansing, and lighting, the United Parishes

r ' or Saint Andrew Holb'orn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of pursuant

to an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual several Acts made, relating to " paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets,

" UaneSj and other Places, within the City arid Liberty " of Westminster, and Parts adjacent," was also presented' to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend that the exempting the Inhabitants of the said Square, or of any other Square or Place containing Houses let at high Rents, from the Powers of the said Acts, will be a great Hardship upon the Inhabitants of such Places, within the Jurisdiction thereof, which con-, lift of houses and ot her Premises let at low Rents; and the Petitioners apprehend the general Plan, calculated for the Benefit of the Whole of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places, comprized in the said Acts, will be thereby defeated, and the Securities given for Money borrowed on the Credit thereof will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, so far as relates to excluding the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square from the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts above-mentioned; and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in tire Premises as*to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a - Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to

be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Com-

Kcotland PanY of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be-made to the Bill;

Pr. 6. 1. z. After " Dividend" toinfert "either " upon his old or new Stock."

Pr. 12. 1. 13. After " Adi" to insert, " and shall

" operate, with regard to the " new Stock, in the same Manner " it does upon the old Stock."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bapk of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their- Concurrence.

filberger’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Christian. Frederick was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wray, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fofter’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estatei. for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Fofer, and Levina Davey FoJler>t his Wife, in and

Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Foster, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Fofier, in' Alder church, otherwise -. kirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Lord Rrownlow Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Garton dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open uninclosed Inclosure. Fields, and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the Bill for altering, explaining, and Colliers, amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, Coa^carer!’ respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, be read a'

Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Symons reported from the Committee, to whom Hereford the Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, Str£Cu* the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances- therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for setting the poor People of the said City to Work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands in the Parish of,

assessed to the Land Tax at f. 14 per Annum, or thereabouts; and also, except other Owners of Lands in the same Parish, assessed at £. 12 per Annum, or thereabouts, who have no Objection to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates of Persons within the said Parish having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, exclusive of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the said City, who have also Right of Common thereon, and who have given their Consent to the Bill, are affelied to the Land Tax at £.82 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House;

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Weddell, according to Order, reported from the Hall Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Port 4nd Os*-making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull: for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, wjlh Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port.; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other ne.cessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report tp a . the

i4 Geo. III. 2 g Aprtis673

the House; andhe read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that several other Amendtuents are necessary to be made to tire said Bi,l} _ _

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^doufe, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Weddel took the Chair of the Cooim, ittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that lie yyas di reded by the Committee to move, that they, may have Leave to lit again. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon- Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ditto. The House was moved, that the Report, which,

(Ma^and upon the 21 ft Day of March fell, was made from the 1 os'' Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston the

Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen of ‘the Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common Seals, respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was referred, might be.again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That tire said Report be referred. tof the Consuleration of a Committee of, the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Earl of The Lord Folkestone reported from the Committee, to Radnor, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^CoHege" -Act for confirming an Agreement between William Exchange. Earl of Radnor, and the President and Fellows of Queen's College, Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson of Seagrave, in the County of Leicester, for the Advowson of Great Cin the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Easton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Inclosure. ancj Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Township, Parish, and Liberties, of Ea/lon, in the County of Huntingdon, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ludlow, Lord Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kimboltcp; A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the &c. Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-Roads. eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing

VOL.34.

the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Highatn Ferrers, to the Way Pott near Wellingborough Bridge, in the county of ;

and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Pott in Great Casworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said *

County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ludlow, Lord Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Himngwohh Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, Inclosure. within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, Lord Ludlow, And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A.Petition of Morough O'Bryett, Court, in Thame*

the County of Bucks, Esquire, was presented to the an.d House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Eleventh *^av ga 9n‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act passed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that the Petitioner, in order to forward a Work of so great public Utility as improving the Navigation of the said River, gave his Consent, that Boats, Barges, and othet Vessels, should have Liberty to pass and repass through Taplow Mill Stream, which runs close by the Side of the Gardens and Plantations of the Petitioner for a considerable Distance, which before that Time was a private Stream; and that, since the patting the . said Act, Persons navigating the said River not only pass and repass through Taplow Mill Stream, but moor or fatten their Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, therein; and that of late, many Trespasses and Outrages have been committed in the Petitioner’s Gardens and Plantations, by the Crews belonging to such Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels; and that the Petitioner finds, by the VoXes, that a Bill is depending, for repealing Part of the said Act, and for improving the Naviga- tion of the River Thames, within the Liberties of the City of London: And therefore praying the House, That some Provision may be made in the said Bill, for restraining all Persons from anchoring, mooring, fattening, or lying with, their Barges, or other Vessels, within Taplow Mill Stream, between the Lock and Clemafh Meadow,

and that the Petitioner may have such other Relief ' in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mrs. Sarah Winford, of the Parish of Great Marloiv, in the County of Bucks, is referred; and that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to St- Ste.P*"’* Order, a Bill for making commodious Ways and raf- spying sages to and near the Parish Church of Saint Stephen, in Ground, the City of Bristol;and for enlarging the Burying Ground

belonging to the said Parish: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Everth’sNat; for naturalizing John Evert h, was read a Second Time.

Resolved>

674 Apr-£1774.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- Successors, Deans of Sartim-, and for divesting the Fee worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him

meet this AfternoOd; at Five Of the Clock; in the and his Successors; and for veiling the fame, fd

Speaker’s Chamber; charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Hejrs and

Assigns, was committed; That the Committee had ex-Bcsancenef 1 An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

at* for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Bezancehet, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

was read a Second Time. their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitwo&c.: And they are td meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Creuze’» An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act "* for veiling the settled Estates of Francis and

Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, inTrullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-> worth. Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Laleham The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Inclosure Tuesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields a,nd Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, upon Thursda Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Macclesfield Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming certain Purchases made by the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester; to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales, and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof; and for further regulating the said Foundation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Shield* Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House,

tee. according to Order, a Bill to enlaige the Term and

R°»d. Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

sinning Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom ReAory, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parsonage Impropriate of Suning, otherwise Sonynge, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to Doctor Thomas Greene and his

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords i and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amehdment.

Mr. John Walter presented to the House, according Rxeter to Order, a Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts Poor. See. of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workh'oufes within the City and County of the City of Eiceter, for better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution:

And the same was received; and rfead -the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Kn*fl>otonjh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, DC 0 " An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District called The Forest of Knaref?

" borough, in the County of Yoras lie within the Eleven Conllableries thereof; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 16. To leave out from the Beginning of the Clause, to the Words " out " of the Limits," in Line 40.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro* posed to be left out, Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 40. To leave out " out of the Limits " of the said Eleven Conllableries,

" and being no Part thereof, orany," and insert " within the Townships, Conllableries, or Hamlets,

" of Knaresborough and Saiven cum " Tentergate, or either," inllead thereof.

Pr. 2 6. 1. 10. After " such" to insert " of the " said Two."

1. 26. After " such" to insert " of the " said Two."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District cajled The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the " Eleven Conllableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That General Burgoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, SumpDoties. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, of the several Stamp Duties, granted by the Acts 32 George II. and 2 and 5 George III. for augmenting

*4 Geo. III. jprii* 875

ing the Salaries of the Judges of England and Wales, for jesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for reviving and con-Two Years; ending the 5th Day of January 1774, " tinuing sundry Laws, that are expired, or near ex-tiiftinguishing each Year; and also, an Account of the " piring:" And also,

Surplufes of the said Duties, after Payment of the N° 14. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of several Charges thereon, now remaining in the Receipt the Bay, in the 10th Year of His present

of His Majesty’s Exchequer, from the Commencement Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for reviving and of the said Surplufes, to the said 5th Day of January, " continuing sundry Laws, that are expired, or near ex-distinguishing each Year; " piring:" And also,

It passed in the Negative. N° 15. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the

Bay, in the 12th Year of His present Mr.. Gascoyne presented to the House, pursuant to Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating their Address to His Majesty, " Town Meetings in the Town of DanversAnd

N° 1. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the also,

Massachusets Bay, in the 4th Year of the Reign of King N° 16. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for re- Massachusets Bay, in the 7th Year of the Reign of " gulating of Townships, Choice of Town Officers, and King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for Grand " setting forth their Power:" And also, " Jurors serving at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

N° 2. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the " and punishing Defaults of Jurors Attendance :" And Massachusets Bay, in the 6th Year of the Reign of also.

King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act to N° 17. Extract of an Act passed in the Province of " enable Towns, Villages, and Proprietors in common the Massachusets Bay, in the nth Year of the Reign " and undivided Lands, &c. to sue and be sued And of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for also, " holding of Courts of General Sessions of the Peace,

N° 3. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the " and ascertaining the Times and Places for the same Massachusets Bay, in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen And also,

Anne, intituled, "An Act for a new Choice of Town N° 18. Extract of an Act passed in the Province of Officers, on special Occasions And also, the Massachusets Bay, in the nth Year of the Reign of

N° 4. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Massachusets Bay, in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen . " establishing of inferior Courts of Common Pleas, in

Anne, intituled, "An Act directing the levying and " the several Counties of this ProvinceAnd also,

" collecting of County and Town Assessments :" And N° 19. Extract of an Act passed in the Province of also, the Massachusets Bay, in the nth Year of the Reign of

N° 5. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of, the King William the Third, intituled^ " An Act for efta-Massachusets Bay, in the 2d Year of the Reign of King " blishing a Superior Court of Judicature, Court of

George the:. First, intituled, "An Act for the better regu- " Assize, and General Gaol Delivery, within this Pro-

Mating of Town and Proprietary Meetings:" And ailo, "vince:" And also,

N°6. Extract of an Act passed in the Province of the N® 20. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of Massachusets Bay, in the ift Year of King George the the Massachusets Bay, in the 12th Year of the Reign

Second, intituled, "An Act in Addition to an Act, in- of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act re-

" tituled, An Act for Highways:" And also, " lating unto the Office and Duty of a Coroner.And

N° 7. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the also,

Massachusets Bay, in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign N® 21. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act in Ex- Bay, in the Third Year of the Reign of King

" planation of, and farther Addition to, an Act,;in- the First, intituled, "An Act for the more, effec-

" tituled. An Act for regulating of Townships, Choice " tual preventing Default in the Appearance of Jurors " of Town Officers, and setting forth their PowerAnd also.

And also, ' N® 22. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of

N° 8. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the the Massachusets Bay, in the 23d Year of the Reign

Massachusets Bay, in the 16th Year of the Reign of of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act in fur- " the better regulating the Choice of Petit Jurors " ther Addition to, and Explanation of, an Act, ipti- And also,

" tuled, An Act for regulating Townships, ..Choice) of N® 23. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of " Town Officers, and setting forth their Power :" And the Massachusets Bay, in the 30th Year of the Reign also,) of King George the Second, intituled, of An Act for

,<N° 9. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the "' the better regulating the Choice of Petit Jurors :" Massachusets Bay, in the 29th Year of the Reign of King And also,

George the Second, intituled, "An Act for reviving, and N® 24. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the " continuing sundry Laws, that are expired, or"near ex- Massachusets Bay, in the 30th Year of the Reign of King ‘‘.piring;" And also, the Second, intituled, "An Act in Addition to

N° xo. Copy of an Act passed in the Prpvince of the " an Act, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Massachusets Bay, in the 30th Year of the Reign of King ": the Choice of Petit Jurors:" And also,

George the Second, intituled, "An Act in further Addi- N® 25. Copy of.an Act passed in the Province of

" tion to an Act, intituled, An Act for regulating of the Massachusets Bay, in the 33d Year of the Reign of " Townships, Choice of Town Officers, and jetting forth King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " their Power :" And also, . , . " better regulating the Choice of Petit Jurors:" And

N° 11. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the also,

Massachusets Bay, in the First Year of His; prefen t Ma-; . N® 26. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the jesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better regu- Massachusets Bay, in the 33d Year of the Reign of King " lating Districts within this Province:" And also, George the Second, intituled, "An Act in Addition to

N° 12. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the " an Act, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Majachtfels Bay, in the Second Year of His. present "the Choice of Petit Jurors And also,

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for reviving and . N® 27. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of

" continuing sundry Laws, that are expired, or near ex- the Massachusets Bay, in the 7th Year of His present " piring And also, Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for reviving and

N° 13. Copy of an Act passed in the Province of the "continuing sundry Laws, that are expired, or near Massachusets Bay, in the 7th Year of His present Ma- " expiring."

Vol. 34. 8 K Together

67 6 aApr1774.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to con-lider of proper Rules and Regulations to be observed by Persone applying to this House for Private Bills, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " That," and before the Words " before any Petition," tire Words " after this Session of Parliament."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended:

That, after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this House for making a Turnpike Road, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be given, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for every and each County or District through which such Road pafles, or is intended to pass, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " and by making " Proclamation thereof, in open Court, at the said " Sessions and to leave out the Words, " the nearest," and inserting the Words " fbme near or;" and to leave out the Word " Month," and inserting the Word " Months ;" and after the Word " of," and before the Word " September" to insert the Words " August and;" and by inserting after the Word " " the Words

" or either of them."

And the Question being put. That the Words " and " by making Proclamation thereof in open Court at the " said Sessions," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words the " nearest" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " some " near or" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word ‘ Month" stand Part of the said Resolution j

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word ‘ Months" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question 'being put. That the Words August and" be inserted after the Word " of" and >efore the Word " September "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words ‘ or either of them" be inserted after the Word " Sep-‘ tember

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-nittce in the said Resolutisp, so amended;

That this Notice be given, by affixing to the Door of the Sessions House where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, de* feribing the Parishes through which the said Road pafles, or is intended to pals; and that such Notice be also printed in some one Newspaper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed for that' County, then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, Three Times at least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

' The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, that the Two First Refolh-tions, which, upon the 30th Day of last, were

reported from the said Committee, and which Resolutions, upon the 15th Day of this Instant April, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this House, for indoling, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, or " Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the " Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such " Lands, Fens, and Commons, do lie, for Three Sundays,

" in the Months of August and September, or either df " them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament " in which such Petition is to be presented.

" Resolved, That, after this Session of Parliament, in " all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, the Names " of the Commissioners proposed to be appointed, and " the Compensations intended for the Lord of the " Manor, and the Owners of Tithes, in lieu of their *' respective Rights, where any Bargains or Agreements " have been made for such Compensations, be inserted " in the Copy of the Bill presented to the House; and " and that all Copies of such Bills, whether printed or " written, which shall be font to any of the Persons intenefted in the said Manor, Tithes, Lands, or Commons, for their Consent, do contain the Names of " such proposed Commissioners, and also such intended " Compensations."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, and also the Resolutions this Day agreed to by the House, be made Standing Orders of this House.

Resolved, That, after this Session of Parliament; when Canal Bill*, any Petition for a Canal, Navigation, or Turnpike (Standing Road, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament Orders.) passed for any of those Purposes, or for inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, or Commons, hath been presented to this House, the Committee, to whom the said Petition shall be referred, or, in case such Petition shall not be referred to a Committee, then the Committee, to whom the Bill for those Purposes shall be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders, contained" in the Six Resolutions first reported from the Committee, as agreed to by this House, have been complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the Evidence, upon such Examination, to the House, on the Report of such Petition, or Bill.

Ordered, That the said- Resolution be made a Standing-Order of thi* House.

The

Inclosure

Bills.

(Standing

Orders.)

Chancery

Buildings.

Linert Trade.

Maflachnfets

Bay

Police*

Ways and Means*

Supply.

Linen Trade.

14 Geo. III. 25’ —

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made upon the "Oth Day of March last, " That, after this Session " of Parliament, in all Bills for Inclosures, there " be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them laid " out, and afiefled on the Parties concerned in the said " Inclosures;"

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for creating Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving^the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the pretent State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Order be poftpOned.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Honle, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Claverinv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that he was diretfted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refilved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next, at Twelve of the C'ock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

S° Amlis. <577

1

Mortis, a 6* dk Apr ills;

Anno 140 iGeprgii IU, U Regis, 1774*

Prayers.

AN itrgrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Folefhitl Common Fields, YY’afte Grounds, and Cora* Inclosure, monable Lands, within the Parish of Fole/hill, in the County of the City of Coventry, was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do nafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Foltfdll, in the County of the City of Coventry.

' Ordertj, Thai Mr Skfcwithdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and defirie their Concurrence.

, t

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Finningley Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Inclosure. Waste Grounds, . in the Parish of Finningley., in the Counties of Nottingham and Fork, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass-: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and Fork.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Grofyenor Petition of several Gentlemen, Proprietors and Inha- Squire, bitants of Houses, in Grosvenor Square, on Behalf of "*V1DS' &c* themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is now depending in the House, for railing Money upon the Petitioners, for effectually paving, clean ling, lighting, watering, fencing, embellishing, and keeping in Repair, the said Square, and for discharging them from all other Rates to which they are now liable for those Purposes; and representing to the House, that several Streets leading into the said Square have been paved, cleansed, and lighted, by the Committee for paving the several Streets and other Places within the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square-, and that some Parts of the said Streets leading into the said Square are adjacent, and belong, to the Corner Houses within the said Square; and that it will be necessary that such Parts of the said Streets should for the future be under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill; and that the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watering, the lame, should; be defrayed out of the Money t<) be raised upon the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses and Premises within the said Square; and that it will be for the Benefit of the Petitioners, if the said Trustees were authorized to pave, light, and cleanse, the several Mewfes, and such other Premises as belong, and appertain to the Houses encompassing or abutting upon the said Square, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Money to be raised upon the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law; and that Provision may be made therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General , Sir Watkin

Williams Wynne,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved,

6-]% 0,6° Apfilis. 1774.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, for providing a Reward " for discovering the Longitude at Sea j for improving " the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor " Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improverrtents useful to Navigation," be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to

Wansford, in the County of and from

thence to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton;

and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benyon, Mr. Wyldbore, & c.: And they "are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of nor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for railing Money, effectually to pave, cleanse, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates, or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Howard, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr/

Eames: ....

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing,' regulating, and maintaining, the Poor, within.

Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of The 'Power of London-, and for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the same i and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth 'Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Bajingjloke, through Wort in, Overton, Whit-chui'eh, Hurjbom Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place Called.

Corner, in the-Parish of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts-, for including the Road from Spittle over

Weyhill, to Mullen's Pond, as directed' by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from1 CkUrlton to Bottom,

and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Bajingjloke -, without any Amendment: And also,

lUtic Lords, havo agreed to the1' Bill; intituled, An Act for dividing and iucloling certain Open Fields and Hrnphaal Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Com- I,c,oi‘jrc* mons in the Parish of Heapham, in the County of Lincoln $ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LmiWoogh for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Indoioi-e. Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln-,

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kiaderminfer for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Commons, and inci'Jlurc-Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidder-minster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spriftliogton for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Incioiurc. Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish 0! -

ton, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ponerhjnwoi* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ir‘clo("rc' Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heaths, and Waste , -Lands, within the Parish of Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln-, without any Amendment:, And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act F’:2rn3n:'c«’» for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate l^t^on of Ulysses Fitzmaurice, Esquire, deceased; and for. veiling . *

the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment .-of his Debts -, and for other Purposes therein mentioned* without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.. _ /,

An ingossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for Powi-/», executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Ex- &c-chequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time ^atcs* being, to compound a Debt due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and upon Payment of such Competition, to discharge; and exonerate the said Estates therefrom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners for. exc j.ing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Excheque., or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound certain Debts due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop -, and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge apd exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to: the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in(Kimbo!toi» Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of Roads* the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act-Tor repairing the Road from the North Ena of,

in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through " Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Wray Poll near

" Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton?

" and from the Pound in Kimbolton tq. ehe.W^y Port in " Great Catworth Field, near: Bringiqn Bridge, in the.

"said County of Huntingdon," was'presented to the Hpufc*~and- read; Setting forth, That a Bill 1$ depending for continuing the Terra, and enlarging the Powers, granted by the said Act; and repreleiiting to the Houj'e

That the Tolls granted by the said Act will be evaded,; by passing through a Lane calied HrllowLane, by Groze Wood, leading from Stoughton , otherwise '

called AgdenGreen, into Stonely New winch

Road is very little ufeci, only for the Puipo'-e of evading the said lolls: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill, for flopping up the said Lane.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

CoiiAuciUkion

Jnfunmces upon Live*.

Copy

Right

of

lookfellers.

Artificers,

&c.

14 Geo. IIL $6° Apri79

Consideration of a Committee i And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Ludlow, Lord Hin-ehingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death' of the Persons insured, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Laroche took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Alexander Bookseller, in

Saint Pauf s Church Yard, London, was pretexted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has seen a Bill, brought in upon the Petition of certain Booksellers of London and for veiling the

Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited; and, should the said Bill pass into a Law, a very dangerous Monopoly will be thrown into the Hands of a few wealthy Booksellers, to the great Detriment of the Public, to the Injury of Letters, and the utter Ruin of the inferior Booksellers both in Town and Country: And therefore praying, That the Statute of Queen Anne, which was expressly made for the Encouragement of Learning, may not now be altered, or suspended, for the Encouragement of the London Booksellers only; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the Bill now depending.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Relief of Booksellers, and others, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the (Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty siting'George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " effectual punishing of Persons convicted offeducing ’* Artificers, in the Manufactures of Great Britain or

J }' L

" Ireland, out of the Dominions of the Crown of " Britain; and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils " made use of in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures " from Great Britain and Ireland, into Foreign Parts; " and for the more easy and speedy Determination of " Appeals allowed, in certain Cafes, by an Act, made " in the hit Session of Parliament,' relating to Persons " employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Vol. 34.

The Lord Folkestone reported from the Committee, Titcombe

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open *nclosure-and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of 'Titcombe, otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Rlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Cator reported from the Committee, to whom st. Saviour’* the Bill for enlarging the present, or providing a new, Southwark, Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint , Workhous*.

Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way, from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street', and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Blackfryars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Chrifi Church, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Teas, to resolve itself into a Committee of the wJho|e House, £a(l India upon the Bill for granting further Time to the United Company. Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas, remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Qay of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and (or allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker yefUmed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Moving. . T

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,' for the; ttoufe jjull to resolve itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, Port and

to consider of the Report which was made, from the Harbour. Committee, to whom the Petition of the jllayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of The Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common Seals respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping of or belonging to the said Town or Port

8 L of

6Bo 26° AprA. 1774.

of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Weddell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Tarnpike Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed; and also, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex \and also, the Petition of several Persons, being Common Carriers, or other Ways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, were referred; - and who were in-strufted to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General " Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain, called England; and for other Purposes;" and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some Doubts have been conceived upon the Construction of the Ad, palfed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now, in being for regulating - the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other " Purposes therein mentioned j" and of the Ad, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majest, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce Into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws ' t" now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain, called and for

other Purposes;" whether the Provision made in the Ad, paSTed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and " Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more " effectyal Execution of the Laws relating thereto ;" for continuing the Tolls and Duties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Powers, and Provisions, made and enacted by any Act of Parliament then‘or theretofore made, for repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, is now repealed, or still, continues in Force.

- The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question' put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amgnd an Act, made in the Thirteenth 'Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An " Ad ttrexplkih, amend, and reduce into One Ad of ‘ " Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for re-

*" gulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great u"iJBritain, called England; and for other Purposes," so '''far as the same telates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years," to Acts made lor amending Turnpike Roads: And " that Mr. TenrudJock and

Sir 'Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do make the Report Tctney from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Indofui*. inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish, was committed.

Sir Cecil Wray accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates in the said Parish rated to the Land Tax at £. 2. 11 s. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates there are rated to the Land Tax at £. 130. 8 s. per Annum and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of Sewers shall have no Jurisdiction over the Drains intended to be made under the Act, but in particular Gales.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the EleAiwu. House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and (Scotland.) amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members " to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain " the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said A^t to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a-Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Rat* Reading of the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the of Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, *Were®*

" An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without " any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," be no\y read.

And the said Order being fead accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

’Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Cgmmjttee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

"A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Com-'* tndn

Acombe,

tec.

Inclosure.

RawmaHh

Inclosure.

Offices

and

Employments.

Hereford

Streets*

Tetney

Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 26" — 270 681

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Commons, arid other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Acombe and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fieids, Common logs, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the West

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who ha've omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 70 Aprilis;

Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln-, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Tittombe Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, Inclosure. and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tit-combe, otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of other-

wife Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Lord Folkestone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill for confirming certain Purchases, Macclesfield made by the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, Scheol. and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, within the Parish of Prejlbury, in the County of Chester, to enable the said Governors to sell or exchange some other Parts of their Estates, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sales; and the other Revenues belonging to the said School, for the Benefit thereof; and for further regulating the said Foundation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales,

Purchases, and Exchanges, and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anno 14* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1774. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nui-fancesand Annoyances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for letting the poor People of the said City to Work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for letting the poor People of the said City to Work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Symons do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire thei’r Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Stofc# and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Hammond and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common IncIofure. Pasture, called The Cozv Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Paf-, ture, called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Ayr Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Roads* repairing and widening several Roads leading from thp Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein tpentioned, in the County of Ayr; and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of Ayr, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kennedy,

Mr. Dempfler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and other Vot, 34.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Bezancenet’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An

68^ ^7° Aprili . 1774.

An Act for haturalizing Captain David Francis De

zancenet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment*

EVerth’t Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, N*t to whom the irigrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Everth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kimbolton The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to

Roads, whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, " through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way " Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of " Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the " Way Poll in Great Catworth near Bridge,

in the said County of ," was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Billett, being examined, said, That Persons will evade the Payment of Tolls at Two of the Bars erected by virtue of the said Act, by passing through a Lane called Hollow Lane, by Lady Grove Wood, leading from Stoughton Common, otherwise called Agden Green, into Stonely Nexv hiclosure; and that the said Lane is of very

little Use to the Public, being seldom used, except for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence, and added. That this Road is dangerous, and often impafiable.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Browns Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and from the Pound in to the Way Poll in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for flopping up a Lane, called Hollow Lane, by Lady Grove Wood, leading from Stoughton Common, otherwise called Agden Green, into Stonely New Inclosure.

Bewdley Sir Edward Winnington reported from the Committee,

Road*, to whom the Bill tp enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads, leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the " County of Worcester, to the several Places therein " mentioned* in the Counties of Worcester and Salop re-" spectively," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Mr. Hannter repotted from the Committee, to whom Efowger'# the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing CkriJlian Frederick EJberger, \yas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hathagrqed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to St. Aub>V. whom the Bill to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His Majesty, H is Heirs and Successors, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Laroche, according to O.der, reported from the insuranc?s

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for upon Lives, regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons inlurcd, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Teas, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the East India Bill for granting further Time to the United Company Company, of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, to

expose

14 Geo. III. 27 0 dprilis. 83

expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiofi severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

Twyford, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure ^or dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlets of Twyford and Charndon, in the Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Thames Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to and Hi* whom the Petition of Mrs. Sarah of the Parish

Navigation. of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks-, and also the Petition of Morough O'Bryen, of Taplow Court, in the County of Bucks, Esquire, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. A State of the Matter of Fadl, contained in the First-mentioned Petition, is as follows An Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read:

And a Member present informed your Committee, That a New Cut has been made in the Parish of Great Marlow, between Marlow Mill, and , Bucks-, and

that a New Lock has been erected in the Weir near

low Mills, which is lower down than the Old Lock, and further from the said Bridge; and that the Barges and Vessels used, before the said Act was made, to pass through the Old Lock upon the other Branch of the River, on the South Side of the Eyet, at a Distance from Mrs. Winford's House.

Samuel Clarke, Servant to Mrs. Winford, informed your Committee, That the Barges now navigate close to the Garden Wall of Mrs. House, and moor

and lie there 2 or 3 Days together, close to the Wall; the Crews of such Barges commit great Indecencies, in-so much that Mrs. Winford has often been obliged to put up the Shutters of the Windows that look towards the River; and that the House being but Fourteen Yards from the Garden Wall, this Practice of mooring the Barges is a great Nuisance and Inconvenience.

The foregoing Evidence, with respect to the Alteration of the Locks, and of the Course of the Navigation of the River, was confirmed by a Plan, delivered in to your Committee by Mr. Broom-, who said, that the Barges never used to lie, for any Continuance, between the Lock, when in the old Place, and the Bridge; and it appeared by the said Plan, that the Distance from Marlow Bridge to the New Lock is only 266 Yards; which Plan, the Witness said he had examined, and it is an exact Plan.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained id the Second-mentioned Petition, is as followeth;

A Member present informed your Committee, That VOL..34.

the Petitioner gave his Consent, that Vessel? might pals and repass through Taplow Mill which is his

private Property, and runs close by the Sides of his Gardens and Plantations; that since the passing of the before-mentioned Act, the Persons not only pass, but Hop, anchor, moor, and lie, there, to the great Annoyance- of the Petitioner; and that the Crew of the Vessels have cut down some of his Trees, and done him other Mif-chief.

Another Member present informed your Committee, That it can be no Inconvenience to the Navigation of Barges, if they were not permitted to moor and lie there*

Ordered, That it be.an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames.o.wdlfts, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London-, and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames within the said Liberties, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for preventing any Road, or Towing Path, being made between the Garden. Wall belonging to the House now in the Possession of Mrs. Sarah Winford, situate in the Parish of Great Marlow, in the.

County of Bucks, and the Navigation of the River.

Thames; and for preventing any Barge, Vessel, or Float, being anchored, moored, or fattened, between Bridge and The New Pound Lock, lately erected near the said Bridge, except at the Wharfs adjoining to the River Thames, and that only during such Time as such Barge,

Vessel, or Float, shall be loading or unloading at such Wharfs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or,

Clauses, for preventing any Boat, Barge, Vessel, or Float, being anchored, moored, or fattened, in Taplow Mill Stream, or from lying in the said Stream.

Mr. Weddell, according to Order, reported from the Hall Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Port and red to consider of the Report which was made from the Harbour* Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of The Trinity House of the same Town, under their Common i

Seals, respectively, and of the Merchants and Owners of Shipping, of or belonging to the said Town or Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House > which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made, for issuing, and paying out of His Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Kingston upon Hull, the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences of making and establishing (^uays, or Wharfs, and other public Works, at Kingston upon Hull.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull-, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Relervoirs,

Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes;

8 M i and

Coogl

684 27° Aprilis. A. 1774.

and for establishing other aecessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, is re-committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Rotherham, \fr> Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of Derby, and also from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road, on the East Side of Tanker fey Park, in the said County, as relates to the Road from Rothetham to Tankersley Park, being the Second District of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in h's Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Utley, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, and a confide-fable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act.

Then the said Act was read, by which it appeared, that the Trustees are restrained from erecting more than Two Turnpikes across the Road, in the said Second District.

And the Witness said, That by Means of the said Re-striction, a considerable Part of the said Road may be made Use of without paying Toll, and that unless the said Restraint is taken off, and the Term of the said Act enlatged, the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, and the Money owing be repaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankerjley Park, in the said County: And that Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Weddell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hedon Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation. the Bill for recovering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, in Holderness, in the F.aft Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Hull Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Port and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Harbcur. con^jcr further of the Bill for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull; for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Weddell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming private the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made upon the Bills 30th Day of March last, " That, after this Session of (Indofures) " Parliament, in all Bills for Indofures, there be in*

" ferted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them laid out, and assessed " on the Parties concerned in the said Indofures," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

Resolved, That after this Session of Parliament, in all Bills for Indofures, there be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them laid out, and assessed on the Parties concerned in the said Indofures.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offices and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Employments upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further (

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mufiaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to fitch Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Thomas Jekyll, Administrator, with the Jekyll’* Will annexed, of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, late Master East Indi» of the Rolls, deceased, on Behalf of himself and others. South* Sea the Residuary Legatees named in the Will of the said Stocks. Sir Joseph Jekyll, and on Behalf of the Representatives of the several Nephews and Nieces (the next of Kin) of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, living at the Time of his Death, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That Sir Joseph Jekyll, by his last Will and Testament, bearing date the 4th Day of May 1738, bequeathed several pecuniary Legacies and Annuities for Life to several of his Relations; and directed, that 1 the

14 Geo. III. 27* ApriliS. 685

the East India and South Sea Stock, which he should be (to which Time they werte also received by the said

possessed of at the Time of his Death, should not be Joseph to 1747 (soon after which transferred or altered by his Executor during the Life Time the said id,000 India Stock was sold as

of Dame Elizabeth his Wife; but, after her Death, he aforesaid) still remain in the Hands of the East Indict gave his said East India and South Sea Stock to His Company; and the said Sum of £. 2,290. 41. 10 d. re- Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kings or Queens of mains in the Exchequer, none of the said Sums, or any England, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund, of them, having as yet been appropriated by Parlia-and in such Manner as should be directed by Act of ment, or applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund 3 and Parliament; and all the Rest and Residue of his Estate, that the Petitioners presume, that it is probable that both Real and Personal, he gave and devised unto the Motive to Sir Jekyll’s bequeathing this Le-

Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, jojeph Jekyll, Edward gacy to the Public was the Hope of exciting others of

Jekyll, Richard Blacket Jekyll, Mary Jekyll, and Han- Opulence to follow the Example 3 and that, in the tiah Jekyll, the Children of John Jekyll, late of New Course of near Forty Years, his Expectation has not been England, deceased, and to jojeph Jekyll, the Son of answered in any Instance: It is therefore hoped. That Thomas Jekyll, and to Nicholas Roberts, Thomas Hester, Parliament will not permit an indigent Family to be the Tryphena Baldwin, and Tryphofa Sanders, and to their only Contributors in this Way towards discharging the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, as Tenants in Public Debt; and the Petitioners therefore submit their Common; and he appointed the said jojeph Jekyll, one same to the Consideration and Companion of the House, of the Children of the said John Jekyll, Executor of his and pray for such Relief in the Premises as to the House Will, and also gave his said Executor Power to renew shall seem meet.

the Leases, from Time to Time, of the Houses held of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Master of the Rolls, with his Successor or Successors, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Masters of the Rolls for the Time being; and that the mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast con-said Sir jojeph Jekyll died, soon after the Date of his said tained in the said Petition:

Will, possessed of £. 10,000 East India Stock, and And it is referred to Sir William Dolben, Sir Alexander £. 10,000 South Sea Stock, and leaving his several Ne- Gilmour, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-phews and Nieces his next of Kin; - and the said jojeph ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Jekyll the Executor soon afterwards proved the said Will and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canter- Records. bury; and the said Dame Elizabeth Jekyll died some

Time in the Year 1745; and that, in pursuance of an Ord, That the Order of the Day, for the House to M*i&chufet»

Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late Majesty’s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Government Reign, his late Majesty did, by Warrant or Order under the Bill for the better regulating the Government of the his Sign Manual, impower the said jojeph Jekyll to fell Province erf the McJJachuJets Bay, in North America, be the South Sea and East India Stock therein mentioned, now read.

and to apply £. 13,582. 9 s.zd. Part of the Money And the said Order being read accordingly;

arising by Sale of the said Stocks, for the Benefit of the Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Massachusets Residuary Legatees of the said Sir jojeph Jekyll, in the " Bay Charter, granted by King William and Queen same Manner as his Real and Personal Estate was by his " Mary, in the Third Year of their Reign," which was said Will directed to be applied, and to pay the Re- presented to the House upon the 22d Day of January mainder of the Money arising by such Sale into the Ex- 1740, be referred to the said Committee, chequer, pursuant to the said Will, to be applied to the Ordered, That the several Papers which were prefame Uses as the Sinking Fund was applicable; and fented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Gafeoyne, thereupon the said jojeph Jekyll, soon afterwards, at fe- be referred to the said Committee, veral Times within the Month of October, in the Year Ordered, That the several Papers which were pre-1747, did fell £.10,000 East India Stock, then stand- fented to the House by the Lord North, upon the 7th ing in the Name of Sir jojeph Jekyll, at several Prices, and nth Days of March last, and the 1 jth and *ift amounting together (after a Deduction of Commission Days of this Instant April, be referred to the said Com-and the Charges of the several Transfers) to the Sum of mittee.

£.15,872. 145. and applied the Sum of £.13,582. 9J. zd.Then the House resolved itself into the said Com*

Part of the said Sum of£.15,872. 145. for the Benefit mittee.

of the said Residuary Legatees, according to the Direc- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

tions of the said Act; and that the said Joseph Jekyll is Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com* dead; and Lady Ann Jekyll, Widow and Administratrix mittee.

with the testamentr;y Schedule annexed of the said . Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

jojeph Jekyll, is since dead, after making her last Will Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

and Testament, whereof (he appointed certain Execu- That they had gone through the Bill, and made several tors; and the said Thomas Jekyll, hath obtained Admini- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ft rat ion to the said Sir Joseph Jekyll with his Will annex- to report; when the House will please to receive the ed, of the Goods unadministered by the said jojeph fame.

Jekyll; and that, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Morning, enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll from a Debt due to His The other Order of the Day being read;

Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Pay- Ordered, That the Bill for re-building the OIF", of Chancery

ment of the same into the Exchequer, the Sum of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery and £.2,290, 4j. 10d. the Residue of the said Sum of for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant £. 15,872. 14*. has been paid by the Executors of the General of the said Court, for the better preserving the said Lady Ann Jekyll into the Exchequer; and that the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept laid Sum of £.10,000, South Sea Stock, is still Handing in such Offices, be read a Second Time upon Monday in the Name of the said Sir jojeph Jekyll, and all the Morning next.

Dividends accrued due thereon from Midsummer 1745.

(to which Time they were received by the said jojeph And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Jekyll) still remain in the Hands of the South Sea Com- Morning, Tea of the Clock,

pany, and the Dividends that accrued due upon the

laid £.10,000 East India Stock, from Middlesex 1745 Vo*. 34-

8 6

28° Aprilis.

A. 1774.

Jovis,28° die Aprilis;

Anno 14° Georgii IIItH Regis, 1774.' Prayers.

MR. Pennant reported from the Committee, to: whom the Petition of Richard Kent, William Grange, John Roberts, Edward James

Thomas Houghton, Thomas Naylor, Harvey Wright, Peter SI lames, James Hollingjhead, Peter Rigby, John Tates, Zhrifopher Bullen, Thomas Gilbert, John Sutton, John pohnfon, Mary Benson, John Wright, William Cook,

Samuel Sandys, Thomas Twifs, John Street, Thomas -

'might, and Joshua Marfden, all of the Town of Liverpool, n the County of Lancaster, and Diocese of was

eferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter )f the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Greetham informed your Committee, That the Buildings and Inhabitants of the South Side of the Town of Liverpool, have of late Years greatly encreased; that there is at present only One Church in that Part of the Town, which is too small; that the Petitioners are erecting a new Church or Chapel within Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, adjoining to the Boundaries of-Liverpool, and intend to fit it with proper Accommodations for Divine Service, but cannot establish it without Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a new Church, or Chapel, erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near ,in the County Palatine of Lancaster:And that Mr. Pennant, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, and the Earl S eft on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parillies, Townships, and Places, of Winejlead, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Hollym, Rimffwell, Owthorne, otherwise Seathorne, Wither-pea, Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the Kaft Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 90 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Lands to be drained consist of 1,550 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared be-

fore the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Bainton Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed lndofure. Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of Bainton, aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for granting further Time to the Teas, United Company of Mercliants of England trading to East India the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Company. Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred ftnd Seventy-four, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas, was read the Third Tin\e.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day-of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from gude, the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Parish of Stratton,. &c. in the County of Cornwall, to the Navigable Part of Canal, the River Tamer, in the Parish of in the said

County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed,

Sir John Molesworth, &c.: And they*are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported offices from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the and Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify Employment, themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted-to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

i4 Geo. lit 28° Jp68j

delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Warmingtoo Sir William Doiben reported from the Committee, to IndofUre. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands; in the Parish of in the County of

Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Three Acres of Land, and One Cottage having Right of Common, who is in Ireland, and the Owner of One such Cottage, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be incioled consists of about 3000 Acres, and there are Eleven Cottages having Right of Common) and that the Committee trad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Company, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to ," so far as the fame

relates to the Election of Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 12th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Laws Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Expiring, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the P.eport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Ditto- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Copper Bars. That a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to settle the Trade to " Africa-," for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause was to continue in force for the Term of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen revived

and continued; and also a Proviso in the last mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which laid Clause and Proviso, by several subsequent Acts, of the VOL. 34.

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K ing George the First, and of the Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Laws That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ai ot -intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty " Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britainwhich a as to continue in force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to th.* 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved,*That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto: that the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Clandeihne Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act against Cjancieftme Running Uncustomed " of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual Goods.

<c preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and'Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship of Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Boat, and aiib relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Sea; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing 20 Gallons at the least; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered, in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term ot Three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively j and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Yc:r of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the Second,

Eghth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-fe\ent and Thirty*third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Seventh Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year *"

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Manufacture* First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exhorted, and for reducing the Duties

l 7 o

upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cioves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Aflur-ance, 0:1 any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1772,

688

28° Aprilis.

A.

*774-

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, " and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British " Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated " Commodities of the like Production are subject which was to be in force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the tft Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the rhen next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the ift Day of June 1754; but, by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted therein, instead of the said Year 1754; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation of His Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called , as re-

lates to the Premium upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; which was to continue in force from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of 1751, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 25th Day of March 1758; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day o 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " Liberty for carrying Rice from His Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part

" of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships " built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," which was to be in force for Five Years from the 29th Day of September 1730, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also an Act, made in the E’ghth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to continue the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to His Majesty’s Province of Georgia in America; which said Acts, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Laws That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign Expiring, of his late Majesty King George the Second, for en- Coffee» couraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue in force from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as re- - . lates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto t That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign Cochineal of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Revi- "d " valofanAft, made in the Thirteenth-Year of the ^n"'£0,

" Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

" intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited; and also for " the free Importation of Indigo;" which was to continue in force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1 774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*tt0: That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year Bo?k3 , of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act re P"n e " for prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed " abroad, and first composed or written and printed in " Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act,

" made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the " Prices of Books," w’hich Act was to continue in force . from the 29th Day of September 1 739, for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, lb far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the

29th

Laws Expiring: ioieign-nude Sail Cloth.

Ditto: Rice*, i:c.

Ditto: Rice, &c.

Ditto:

British-made

Cordage.

Ditto:

Hides Sc bkins.

14 Geo. III. n 28° Aprihs.

689

29th Day of September 1774. and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

R.eJolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Clodi imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in so;ce, from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by Three fuble-quest Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-fccosd Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His prTenc Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting, " for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from " H is Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and " Georgia directly to any Part of America, to the " Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like " Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice " from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate " to the Southward of Cape ;" which was to

continue in force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His said Majesty s Reign, which gave Liberty to export Rice from North Carolina in the same Manner, and under the like Entries, Securities, Reftndtions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as were enacted by the said Act, made in the Fourtii Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, with respect to carrying Rice to South Carolina and Georgia, which have Continuance until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for extending " like LII erty, in the Exportation of Rice front " and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre " in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia," which was to continue in force from the ill Day of August 1770, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from tl ence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was amended by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of H is said Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of " Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon " Foreign rough Hemp exported," which was to be in force from the lftDayof July 1766, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the Term of Three Years, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lo much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of

Vol. 34.

the Reign of His present Majesty, as refetes to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in force for Five Years from the ift Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law* That so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to in America.' the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America, and for extending the same to the Naval

Officers there, which was to be in force, from the 1 ft Day of August 1770, for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the ift Day of August 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Re/sA’eJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ditto: That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign tI<,r"ed Catde-of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the horned Cattle in Great which was to continue in force, from the Commencement thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1771, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Nine First Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were postponed.

The 10th Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quezon put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The nth, 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were postponed.

The 16th and 17th Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the ift, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th,

8th, 9th, nth, 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th Resolutions of the said Committeee, and which have been postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Insolvent Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Whitworth, Debtors.

Mr. Howard, and Colonel Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Massachuseto the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Government, whom the Bill for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Majjach Bay, in North America, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly: And,

A Petition of William Bollan, Esquire, styling himself Agent for the Council of His Majesty’s Province of Massachusets Bay, in New England, being offered to be presented to the House;

The House was moved, that the Proceedings of the House, of the 14th Day of March last, on receiving the Petition of William Bollan, Esquire, Agent for the Council of the Province of Massachusets Bay, in New F.ngland, might be read.

And

'iW — 'i^Aprilist ‘A. 1774*

And the fanle were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas,- Mr. Alderman Saw-

bridge:

Tellers for the Noes, J

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 9th Day of November 1696, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill for attainting Sir John Fenwick, Baronet, of High Treason, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 19th Day of March 1722. of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bills for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties upon John Plunkett and George Kelly, alias Johnson, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 22d Day of March 1722, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties upon Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Repqrt be received upon this Day ' Four Months,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing the Court, where an Action is depending, to grant a View, upon Application of either of the Parties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That no Sheriff shall continue in Office longer than One Year; and no Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, shall continue more than Two Years successively.

And the said Clause was Once read; and, with Leave of the House withdrawn.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingressed.

Colliers, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Coal-bearers, Reading of the Bill for altering, explaining, and amend-c' ing, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Laleham The House was moved, that the Order made upon inclosure. Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons,

' 32. 95-

in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, upon Monday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of May next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Lonplredi ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Sea. to considerof the Laws relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Aprilis;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

LORD Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- BrMdalbane*i mittee, to whom the ingrossed. Bill from the Lords, Kitatf. intituled, An Act for vesting in Earl of bane, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Argyll-, and for settling in Lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Ellate, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the B.il do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, North made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from 03 North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Nezvcafle-upon-Tyne, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Rediton Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within inclosure. the Township of Rudfton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Sir ‘Thomas Clavering, Mr. Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Warmingtot Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Common- inclosure. able Lands, in the Parish of Warming! in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Warmingion, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

' r

St. Stephen’s (Bristol)

Buxymg Ground.

Bleftions: Scotland.

Forfeited

Estates,

Scotland.

Exeter Poor, St c.

Rotherham, Sc c. Road.

Milton

Inclosure.

t V

14 Geo. III. 29° Aprtlis. 691

A Bill for making commodious Ways and Passages to and Milton Havering, in the Parish of Milton, in the and near the Parish Church of Saint Stephen, in the City County of Wilts, was committfed. of Bristol; and for enlarging the Burying Ground be- Mr. Garth accordingly reported from the said Com-longing to the said Parish, was read a Second Time. tnittee, That the Committee had examined the Alle-Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Brick- gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and dale, Mr. Elwes, he.: And they are to meet this After- that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except

the Owner of Five Acres of Land, who refused to sign A Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Bill} and that the Field Lands intended to be in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, closed contain 419 Acres) and that the Committee had " An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments " the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons thereunto, which they had directed to be reported tb " in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and " Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elec- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ".tions," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints by One: and, upon the Question feveially put thereto the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, upon, were agreed to by the House.

and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of Election of a Burgess to lerve in Parliament, for a ingrossed.

District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of

the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Earnest

Election, happens, to be reduced and made void by a Mr. Speaker,

Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to N,t Crown when such Election is made, was read a Second prevent certain Inconveniences that may happen by Bills Time. of Naturalization; to which the Lords desire the Con-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. currence of this House.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee And then the Messengers withdrew,

of the whole House. - And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yue/day Morn* Time, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

House, upon tire said Bill. OrdThat the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Monday Sevennight, the 9th Day of May next.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the -Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Com; George the Second, intituled, "An Act for annexing 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Cro wn, " An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation " unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the law- " of Corn," might be read.

" ful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method And the same being read accordingly; u of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Resolved, That this House will, upon " Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the " the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as " there for the future," so far as the same relates to the relates to the Exportation of Corn, granting Leases of the said Estates, was read a Second

Time. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Eames:

Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Kennedy, he.: And they are Mr. Speaker,

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bank Speaker’s Chamber. to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of „ 1 j

Scotland to encreal'e the Capital Stock of the said Com- cotan A Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts of pany; without any Amendment: And also,

Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Work ioufes The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fife within the City and County of the City of Exeter, for for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and of Fif; without any Amendment: And also, an n 8e,< to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bufigny’s carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, naturalizing ViSlor Bufigny; to which the Lords desire Nat* was read a Second Time. the Concurrence of this House.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jennings, Sir George Tonge, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Colonel Barre reported from the Committee, to Ellington Chamber. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and IncloTor*.

Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Mr. Cholmley presented to the Hoi#fe, according to Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign That the Committee had examined the Allegations of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turn- the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the pike Road at the East End of Tankerjley Park, in the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the said County: And the same was received; and read the Proprietors of 201 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill,

First Time. but laid they had no Objection to the Inclosure; and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. also the Proprietors of 14 Acres, who could not be

found; and also the Proprietor of 150 Acres, who Ordered, That Mr. Garth do make the Report from refused to sign the Bill, because he was old, and did not the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- like the Expence; and that the whole Number of closing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Acres intended to be inclosed, amount to 1,394, ex-Downs in the Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts, elusive of the Commons; and that no Person appeared Vol. 34. 8 O before

6q2 29° Apr.- A. 1774.

.before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, \>y the House, to the;)3ill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. .;

Massachuset’s. Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the Bay Government of the Province of the Massachusets in overnment. North America, be read the Third Time upon Monday

Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Gold Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-Coin. night, the 9th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom.

Longitude. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Dj/covery of the Longitude at Sea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

MrcSpeaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Grosvenot General Iio%yard reported from the Committee, to Square, whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Proprietors, and Inhabitants of Houses in Grofv Square, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Elliot, Esquire, informed Your Committee, That several of the Streets leading into the said Square are now under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners and Committees for Paving; and that it will be proper to put such Parts of those Streets as adjoin or belong to the Corner H atfcs of the Square, and also the several Mcwfes, and ether Premises, which belong and appertain to the Houses within the said Square, under the Direction and Management of the Trustees to be appointed for paving the said Square; and that the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watering, such Parts of the said Streets, and of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Mcvvlcs, and other Premises before mentioned, should be defrayed out of the Rates to be raised by the said Trustees; and that the Commissioners and Committees for Paving should be discharged from the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, such Parts of the said Streets, and from the Direction and Management thereof.

Simon Parry, Esquire, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of to make and levy

a H ue on thendelves, for raising Money, effectually to pave, cleanle, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep

in Repair, the said Squire; and for discharging the m-from all Rates, or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Purposes, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for paving, rep'air-. ing, cleansing, lighting, and watering, such Parts of the -several Streets, leading into Grosvenor Square, as are adjacent, and belong to th'e Corner Houses situate within the said Square; and also for paving, repairing, cleansing, and'lighting, the several Mewfes, and such other Pre- " mises as belong and appertain to the Houses encom-passing or abutting upon the said Square.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Officer* the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Quarters, Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North America: "erica.

And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Pownatl do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Thomas Lumley, Clerk, Was presented td Acomb, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner &e-observes, from the Votes, that Application is made for a Iflcl0 ure* Bill, fqr dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings'Balks, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town-ships of Acomb and Holgate, and the Manor of Acomb with Holgate, in the County of the C;fy of York; and that the Petitioner is Impropriator of the Rectory of Acomb, and also Patron of the Vicarage, and Owner of certain Common Right Houses, and of a considerable Estate there, chiefly consisting of Lands in the Open Fields; And that there are Clauses in the said- Bill, which, the Petitioner conceives, may introduce vely partial and unnecessary Proceedings; and apprehends, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will greatly prejudice his Estate and Property: And therefore praying. That his Petition may be taken into Consideration; and that he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as he conceives may injure his Property; and that the fame, as far as it respefb, or any way concerns, the Township or Manor of Acomb aforesaid, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Ings, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Acomb and Holgate, in the County of the City of York, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways ami to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Sypply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the MaCkhufets whole House, upon the Bill for the impartial Admini- Bav

stration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned Ju;,ice*

for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the

Law,

Luton, Si c. Roads,

Defford,

See.

Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 290

Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in England. Mr. Speaker left the Chair." ' '

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment? thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.: r

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ^Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock. 1'

Lunde, 2° die Mail;

Anno 14° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wed-wood Gate, in the said County, and from Saint

Albans, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr Dowdeswellreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chapelry of in the County of

H orcester; and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the flocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Four Acres in the said Common Field, who could not be met with; and that the said Common Fields contain about 600 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed so by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allotting Lands in the Common Field to Lord Coventry, until it shall be known who is entitled to the Six Acres allotted to him on the Common.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Commissioners to regulate the Remainder, if the Dean and Chapter shall establish their Claim within Five Years.

And the said C'ause was Twice read; aid, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrossed.

Yol. 34.

V -

2° Mail.

Sir Francis Vincent reported :from‘:.ttj£ Committee; to Canterbury, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, , AA &c-Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter1 of Chnteibury,

Henry Benton, Esquire, and Thomas. o-grant

Building Leases, pursuajit to Two' several' Agreements entered into for that Purpose, wash committed; That the Committee had -examined the "Allegations of’tire Bill, and found the same to be true Y and’that the Parties concerned* hats-given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,; and that the Committee had directed'him to report the; Bill'to the House, without any - AmendmentAnd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. '' ' .

Leaics.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill'ido pass. ‘ '.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and: acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for recovering, improving, and Hedon, maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of in v *c\

Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, av, Saion' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for recovering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of in

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Barripresented to the House,- according to Graffham, Order, a Bill fdr dividing and inclosing the Open and &c-Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and ^DC'°^ure’ Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the Fiiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ellington,. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable See. Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and inclosure. Liberties, of Ellington, in the county of ,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Colonel Bane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord- Turnpike ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Roa<is* in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in

" being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other

o 7

" Purposes," so far as the same relates to the continuing, and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Milton, and Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the *c* Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts, and Milton *nc*° urc* Havering, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbotts, and Milton Havering, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

*zed by t

2° Maii. 1774.

rwe'1 Sir William Dolhenpresented to the House, according nclo ure: j.Q Qr(jer> a for dividing and inclosing the Open and.Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Paf-t,ures,' Common' \leadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of lo well, in the Rarish of , in the County of

Northampton:..^nd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shoreditch Sir Char let’Whitworth presented to the House, accord-Endfield *nS to Order, a-. Bill for impowering the Trustees for Sec,' repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Roads. Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Pari Ih of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to eause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Almshouses in , to the

Northermost Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road, as they shall think fit, to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke in the said

County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aScond Time.

ing the Trade to Africa; and that they have inverted the Money granted in 1773, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Goad ;.and that the said Forts and Settlements having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company, and the Sums' annually granted by Parliament being nearly expended in the Maintenance and Pay of the several Garrisons, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, the House, in the Year 1772, granted the Sum of 2,400. to finish the Repairs of Cape Coafi ;but that many of the other Forts still remain in a very ruinous Condition;’and that the Petitioners being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Co^ft of Africa: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for thenecessary Support and Maintenance-of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House. to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Insurance* An ingrossed Bill for regulating Insurances upon on Lives; and for prohibiting.all such Insurances, except Lives. jn Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives; and . for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes

where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hun Mr. Weddell, according to Order, reported from the

>orc and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Harbour, making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hull-, for the better learning His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the.Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with llefervoirs. Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Hull, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were . Once read throughout, and then a Secpnd Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bijl.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Company. Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1772, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, for extending and improv-

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Timberland mon Fields, Common Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the Inclosure. Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring the Low HoldemdJ, Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, I ownftnps, and Places, of Winefield, Paltrington, South Fro ding ham, mna®e*

Hol/ym, Rimfwell, O Let home, otbenvife Seatkome, sea, Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for draining and prefeiving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Tounships, and Places, of Winefield, Pattrington, South Frodingham,

Rimfwell, Owthorne, otherwise Seathorne,

Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East: Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Garton the Open Uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Lands, Indoture. within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Cecil IVray reported from the Committee, to whom Fofter’*, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c* for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Fcfiler, llates* and Levina Davy Fofier, his Wife, in Holdingham and Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Fofier, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Fofier, in Alderchurch, otherwise A/gar-kirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined tb.c Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

the

i4 Geo. IIL $° M 9

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Ceci Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

St. Neot*» Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, to whom Commons, the Bill for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers &c* Commonable Lands and Commons, within the Parish of Saint Neat's, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found , the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 13 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of a 1 Common Rights, who could not be met with, or who had been applied to by Letter, but returned;no Answer; and that the whole Number of Common Rights belonging to Periods interested in the Bill are 153; and that no Person appeared before, the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Foxteth Mr. Pennant presented to the House, according to Park Order, a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, Chape. ere£ing at Foxteth Park, in the Parish of Wat on, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Quarters for The Lord Barrington presented to the House, ac-Officers, &c. corcjing to Order, a Bill for the better providing suitable ( menca.) Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Cotton Stuffs The House was moved, that the Petition of Richard Manufacture. Arkwright and Company, of Nottingham, Spinners of ( r wng t.) Ootton, and Manufacturers of British Cotton Stuffs, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Lord Howe, Mr. Plumptre, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Longitude. . Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Laws relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 34.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such ClaUfes as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical. Almanacks, and other useful Tables, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made, to enable the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, to pay, out of any Money in his Hands unapplied to the Use of tire Navy, the Sum of 5,000l. to any Person or Persons, who shall discover a Method of finding the Longitude at Sea, if such Method shall determine the same within one Degree of a great Circle, or Sixty Geographical Miles; the Sum of 7,500l. if such Method shall determine the same to Two.

Thirds of that Distance; and the Sum of 10,000l. if, such Method shall determine the same to One Half of the said Distance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made, to enable the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, to pay, out of any Money in his Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy, a Sum not exceeding 5,000l. as an Encouragement and Reward for such Person or Persons as have already made, or shall make, useful Discoveries in Navigation, and for the making Experiments relating thereto.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles Hardy, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Turnpike whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers,' Road*, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of , whose Names are thereunder’signed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of several Persons, being Common Carriers, or other Ways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, were referred; and who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause in the said Act, whereby it is provided and enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay Toll at any Toll Gate erected, or to be crested, across or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, for any Carriage,

Horse, or Beast, which shall only cross such Road, and shall not pals above One hundred Yards thereon, except over feme Bridge erected at a considerable Expence by the Trustees of such Turnpike Road, is highly injurious to Persons who have lent Money upon the Credit of former Acts of Parliament, upon the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, great Part of which arise from certain Crols Gates and Side Gates, erected in virtue of such former Acts, at certain Places in such Acts particularly mentioned for that Purpose, and at which Gates Tolls were made payable by the same Acts, although the Persons paying the same might not pals One hun-

8P dred

4 ,

696 3 ’‘Mali.1774.

dred Yards on the Turnpike Road, or over any Bridge whenever it was required, to vote Supplies of Men and ' erected thereupon. Money, to the utmost Exertion of their Abilities; the

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Journals of the House will bear Witness to their extra-upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the ordinary Zeal and Services during the last War, and House. that but a very short Time before it was resolved here

to take from them the Right of giving and granting.

Bufieny’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act their own Money; if Disturbances have happened in Nat. for naturalizing Vifior Bufigny, was read the First the Colonies, they intreat the House to consider the Time. Causes which have produced them, among a People

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. hitherto remarkable for their Loyalty to the Crown,

and Affection for this Kingdom r no History can shew,

America. A Petition of several Natives of America, was pre- nor will human Nature admit of, an Instance of general tented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Discontent, but from a general Sense of Oppression; the Petitioners are again constrained to complain to the Petitioners conceived, that when they had acquired the House of Two Bills, which, if carried into Exe- Property under all the Restraints this Country thought cution, will be fatal to the Rights, Liberties, and necessary to impose upon their Commerce, Trade, and Peace, of all America-,.and that the Petitioners have Manufactures, that Property was sacred and secure; already seen, with equal Astonishment and Grief, Pro- they felt a very material Difference between being re-ceedings adopted against them, which, in Violation of Brained in the Acquisition of Property, and holding >rt, the first Principles of Justice and of the Laws of the when acquired under those Restraints, at the Disposal Land, inflict the fevered Punishments, without hearing ‘ of others; they understand Subordination in the one, the Accused: Upon the same Principle of Injustice, a and Slavery in the other; the Petitioners with they could Bill is now brought in, which, under the Profession of possibly perceive any Difference between the most abject better regulating the Government of the Massachusets Slavery, and such entire Subjection to a. Legislature, in Bay, is calculated to deprive a whole Province, without the Constitution of which they have not a single Voice, any Form of Trial, of its chartered Rights, solemnly nor the lead Influence, and in which no one is present secured to it by mutual Compact between the Crown on their Behalf; they regard the giving their Property and the People; the Petitioners are well informed, that by their own Content alone as the unalienable Right of a Charter so granted, was never before altered, or the Subject, and the last sacred Bulwark of Constitu-resumed, but upon a full and fair Hearing; that tional Liberty; if they are wrong in this, they have therefore the present Proceeding is totally unconfti- been milled by the Love of Liberty, which is their tutional, and sets an Example which renders every dearest Birthright, by the most solemn Statutes, and Charter in Great Britain and America utterly intecure; the Resolves of this House itself, declaratory of the in the Appointment and Removal of the Judges, at the herent Right of the Subject, by the Authority of all Pleasure of the Governor, with Salaries payable by the great Constitutional Writers, and by the uninterrupted Crown, puts the Property, Liberty, and Life, of the Practice of Ireland and , who have ever voted

Subject, depending upon Judicial Integrity, in his their own Supplies to the Crown, all which combine to Power; the Petitioners perceive a System of Judicial prove that the Property of an English Subject, being a Tyranny deliberately at this Day iroposed upon them. Freeman or a Freeholder, cannot be taken from him which, from the bitter Experience of its intolerable In- but by his own Content*: to deprive the Colonies there-juries,* has been abolished in this Country: Of the same fore of this Right, is fco reduce them to a State of unexampled and alarming Nature is the Bill, which, ValTalage, leaving them nothing the y can call their under the Title of a more impartial, Administration of own, nor capable of any Acquisition but for the Benefit Justice in the Province of Massachusets Bay, impowers of others; it is with infinite and inexpressible Concern, the Governor to withdraw Offenders from Justice in the that the Petitioners fee in these Bills, and in the Princi-said Province, holding out to the Soldiery an Exemption pies of them, a direct Tendency to reduce their Coun-from legal ‘Prosecution for Murder, and in Effect sub- trymen to the dreadful Alternative of being totally jedting that Colony to Military Execution-; the Petition- enslaved, or compelled into a Contest the most (hocking ers intreat the House to consider what mud be the Con- and unnatural with a Parent State, which has ever been sequence of fending Troops, not really under the Con- the Object of their Veneration and their Love; they troul of the Civil Power, and unamenable to the Law, intreat the House to consider, that the Restraints which among a People whom they have been industrioully Examples of such Severity and Injustice impose, are - taught, by the incendiary Arts of wicked Men, to re- ever attended with the most dangerous Hatred: In a gard as deserving every Species of Insult and Abuse; Distress of Mind which cannot be described, the Peti-the Insults and Injuries of a lawless Soldiery are such as tioners conjure the House not to convert that Zeal and no free People can long endure; and the Petitioners Affection, which have hitherto united every American apprehend, in the Consequences of this Bill, the horrid Hand and Heart in the Interests of England, into Passions Outrages of Military Oppression, followed by the Del’o- the most painful and pernicious; most earnestly they lation of Civil Commotions; the Dispensing Power beseech the House, not to attempt reducing them to a which this Bill intends to give to the Governor, ad- State of Slavery, which the English Principles of Liberty vanced as he is alteady above the Law, and not liable they inherit from their Mother Country will render worse to any Impeachment from the People he may oppress, than Death: And therefore praying the House will not, must constitute him an absolute Tyrant; that the Peti- by passing these Bills, overwhelm them with Affliction, tioners would be utterly unworthy of the English An- and reduce their Countrymen to the most abject State of ceftry which is their Claim and Pride, if they did not Misery and Humiliation, or drive them to the last Refeel a virtuous Indignation at the Reproach of Dilaffec- sources of Despair.

tion and Rebellion, with which they have been cruelly Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the asperled; they can with Confidence say, no Imputation Table, was ever less deserved; they appeal to the Experience

of a Century, in which the Glory, the Honour, the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Massachuset* Prosperity, of England, has been, in their Estimation, Reading of the Bill, now ingtofled, for the better regu- Bay. their own; in which they have not only borne the lating the Government of the Province of the Massa-Burthen of Provincial Wars, but have (hared with this chufets Bay, in North America, be now read.

Country in the Dangers and Expences of every National And the said Order being read accordingly;

War; their Zeal for the Service of the Crown, and the A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Defence of the General Empire, has prompted them, That the (laid Bill be now read the Third Time;

i4 Geo. III.

3' — afMaii.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth *

Teliers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder; That the Governor may appoint the Sheriffs without Consent of die Council, but not remove them without the Consent of the Council.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put -thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

- Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 5. L 3. To leave out x‘ said."

1. 4. To leave out " and insert

" July" instead thereof.

1. 15. To leave out " Sheriffs."

1. 21. To leave out " Sheriffs."

1. 31. To leave out " Sheriffs."

Pr. 6. 1. 2. To leave out " " and insert

" Jnty" instead thereof.

3. 7. To leave out " Sheriffs."

1. 19. To leave out " August" and insert " July" instead thereof.

1. 30. Td leave out " August" and insert " July" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Majach , in New England.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Marquis of Car- 1

marthen, >

Mr. Onslow: J

‘ Mr. Frederick Mr. Byng: J

239-

64.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Linen The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Trade. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon at Twelve of

the Clock, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Chancery The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Buildings. Reatiing of the Bill for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Massachuset* The other Order of the Day being read, for re-Bay. ceiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the impartial Administra* tion of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, r for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the

Vol. 34-

Province of the Massachusets , in New was

committed;

And it being Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Maii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1 774.

Praters.

ABI L L to explain and amend an Act, made in Tornpike the 13th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Roada. intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Pyt " of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have

Voices.

Sir Charles Kemys Tyxte reported from the Com- Wedmore,

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Most noble James &c.

Duke of Chandos, Lord of the Manors of Wedmore and Drainage. Churchland, in the County of Somerset, and the humble Petition of the Freeholders of the said Manors, and of the Manors of Mudgeley, within the Parish of Wedmore aforesaid, and also of the Impropriator of the Rectory or Parish Church of Wedmore aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Hillman, Esquire, being examined, said, That there are in the Parish of Wedmore 2,737 Acres of Waste Land, some Part of which wants draining; and that the said Land in its present State is incapable of Improvement; and that the inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining, the fame, would be of great Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining, Three several Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Wedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, in the County of Somerset: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Mr. Popham, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Bridges Brudenell reported from the Com* Harrington mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Incloso*-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*-3 ments

Go gl<

Potton

Inclosure*

PlyinoQth Dock: Lcafcs# &c.

0*enton

Inclosure.

Booksellcn

Copy-

Rights*

4° Ma

A. 1774.

itients thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosingTwo Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potton, in the County of ,was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One 'by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Baronet, to renew

and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of for the Use

of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devonfor the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and Bookbinders, of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of some Booksellers in London and Westminster, by giving them an exclusive Privilege, for a further limited Time, of re-printing Books not protected by the Act of the 8th. of Queen Anne; which Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly detrimental to

the Community at large, as well as particularly injurious to the Petitioners, and to all Country Booksellers,

Printers, and others, dependant on those Branches of Business, who have heretofore been greatly hurt by the Monopoly of Books unlawfully exercised by the London Booksellers: And therefore praying. That the Statute of the 8th of Queen Anne, for veiling Copies in Authors, tdc. may Hand in full Force, as lately explained

by the House of Lords, and be neither amended or extended; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House,'according Godley to Order, a Bill for indemnifying the Inn-keepers and Inn-keeper*, Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County *c’ of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much Rotherham of an Act, made in the Fourth Year-of the Reign of Road* His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankerfley Park, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ley. Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Sheriffs of City of London attended at the Door, they were called London: in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That Thames and the Petitioners did, on the 13th Day of April last, pre- N sent a Petition, against the Bill for repealing so much of av, ga WD* an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as restrains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London, and for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, within the said Liberties; and representing to the House, that it was not the Intention of the Petitioners, by their Oppo-lition to the said Bill, to prevent or delay the Improvement and Completing of the Navigation of the River Thames, within their Liberties, but only to assert and protect their Rights, Privileges, and Interests; and that the Petitioners were not apprised of the Provisions contained in the said Bill till after the Time limited for presenting Private Petitions; and that it appears by the said Bill, that certain Tolls, or Sums of Money, are proposed to be taken upon the Towing Paths intended to be made within that Part of the River Thames which lies within the Liberties of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, being delirous to promote a Work of so great and public Concern as the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, are willing, in case all further Proceedings in the said Bill be Hopped, to apply the Sum of £. 10,000 out of their own Estates (if necessary) towards the improving and completing the Navigation of the said River, within their Liberties, West-ward of London Bridge, without laying a Toll on any Person navigating the said River within their said Liberties;

14 Geo. lit 40 Mail S99

berths; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Powers with which they are at present inyefted are not sufficient to enable them effectually to carry the Paid Work into Execution: And therefore praying, That all further Proceedings in the Bill now depertdingbefore the House may be flopped; and that Leave may be given to the Petitioners, to present a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River 'within

their laid Liberties, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, -until the Report be received from the Committee, to -Whom the said Bill is committed.-

I- i- ‘ - '

Beverley, Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Mahon Guide " Poll, to the Gravel Pic at in the County of York ;" and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunder written, in Behalf of themselves and others residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House-; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. John Everingham, Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, informed your Committee, That they have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which have been laid out in repairing the said Road, and other the Purposes of the Act, add now remains unpaid, together with Interest thereon. -t That the Tolls granted by the said Act, being fixed at low Rates, the said Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Tolls are encreased, and the Term and Powers of the Act enlarged.

The Witness also informed your Committee, That he knows the Road from Kirk Ella to Bagwell, and lington, and from North Cave to the West End of How-den Road Lane, described also in the Petition, which is in a ruinous Condition, in several Places narrow, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That l^eave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at anu from the Mahon Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Coitingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening the Road from Kirk Ella, through West Elia, and North Caves to the West End of How den Road Lane: And that Sir Henry Hoghton and Sir James Pennymando prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dtfford, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Uc. Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows,

Draiiwgf. within the Hamlet or Chapelry of in the County of Worcester-, and for draining and levelling, and also

for regulating the flocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Wor-. You 34;

r after'-, and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the flocking with Cattle, a certain.Common called Defford Common.

Ofdered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to

the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

K !

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Create’, Whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Art Nat.

Act for vesting the settled Estate of Francis Creuze and Sarah his Wife, in the County of in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed That the Compiittefc had examined the Allegations of the Bill, abd found the same to be trueand that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to thC Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill id at the Clerk’s Table. 1 .

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do, carry the Bill to the Lords; arid acquairit them, that this House hath agreed to the fanie, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Coni; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and sexportation of Corn," as relates to the Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir-Otarles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

brdered. That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Com," as relates to' the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and' Grain exported: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Pownall, do prepare, and bnng in, the fame.

A Bill for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers; Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North &c-America, was read a Second Time. Quarters.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to jekyll’s whom the Petition of Thomas JAdministrator, E. India and

}} Q with So. Sea Stock*

r700 4? Mail ' 1774.

with the Will annexed, of Sir jojeph Jekyll, Knijght, late Master of the Rolls, deceased, on Ben^|f of bim-ielf and others, the Residuary Legatees named in the Will of the said Sir jojeph Je and on Behalf of the Representatives of the several Nephews and Nieces (the next of Kin) of the said Sir living at the

Xime of his Death, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report -a State thereof to the House; and he read thp Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followsth; viz,

A State of the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It appeared by the Will of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, dated the 4th Day of Islay 1738, that he bequeathed several pecuniary Legacies and Annuities for Life to several of his Relations, and directed that the East India and South Sea Stock, which he should be polTelTcd of at the Time of his Death, should not be fold, transferred, or altered, by his Executor, during the Lite of Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and after her Death, lie gave )his laid East India and South Sea Stock, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the Cfe of the Sinking Fund, in such Manner as should be directed by Act of Parliament; and all the rest and lie-fidue of his Estate, both Uefil and Personal, he gave and devised unfo Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, Joseph Jekyll, Edward Jekyll, Richard Blacket , JSJary Jekyll, and Hannah Jekyll, the Children of John Jekyll, late of New England, tfeceased, and to jojeph Jekyll, Grocer* the Son of Thomas Jekyll, and to Nicholas Roberts, Thomas Hefier, Tryphena Baldwin, and Tryphofa Sanders,

and to their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, as Tenants in Common; and he appointed the said Joseph Jekyll, one of the Children of the said John Jekyll, Executor of his Will; and also gave his fiiid Executor Power to renew the Leases from Time to Time of the Houses held of the Master of the Rolls, with his Successor or Successors, Mailers of the Rolls.

Jt also appeared by the Probate of the said Will, that Sir jojeph Jekyll died in the year 17318, foop after the Date of his Will.

And it appeared by an Administration annexed to the Will or Testamentary Disposition of Dame Elizabeth Jekyll, that she died some Time in the Year 1745.

Then an Act was produced, which passed in the Year 1747, intituled, "An Act to enable His Ma-;

" jesty to allow to the Residuary Legatees of Sir jojeph " Jekyll, Knight, late Master of the Rolls, deceased,

,c Part of the Legacy given by his Will to the Use of " the Sinking Fundwhereby it was Enacted, That it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, by Warrant or Order under his or their Sign Manual, to permit the said jojeph Jekyll (the Executor) his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to fell so much of the East India and South Sea Stock, deviled as aforesaid, as would enable him or them to raise, for the Benefit of the Residuary Legatees, the Sum of £. 13,582. 9 id. to be applied by him or them in the same Manner as the Real and Personal Estate of the said Sir jojeph Jekyll was, by his laid Will, directed to be applied; and the Master in Chancery’s Report was produced to shew fqch Application. .

And his late Majesty’s Warrant or Order, under his Sign Manual, was also produced; whereby the said jojeph Jekyll was impowered to fell tire laid Stocks then Handing in the Name of Sir Joseph Jeky/l.

Then Accounts of the Sale of £.10,000 East India Stock was produced; whereby it appeared the said £.10,000 East India Stock was fold in October 1747, and that the net Produce amounted to £. 15,872. 14J. and that the Dividends accrued due thereon, from Mid-summer 1745 to Midsummer 1747, Hill remain in the

Etynds of ithe JfLaJl India Company, to the Amount

And the Probates of the Wills of Joseph Jekyll and jLady 4nn jekyll, and also, the Administration of Thomas Jekyll, to thp fipd Sir Joseph Jekyll, with his Will annexed, of the -Gqods unadnainiftered by the said Joseph Jekyll, were also produced.

Then an Act was produced, which passed in the Year .1772, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord*

" of the Treasury to discharge the Executors ol Lady " Ann Jekyll from a Debt due to His Majesty for the " Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the " same jpto the Exchequer," by virtue of which the Sum of £.2,290. 4J. io</. was paid into the Exchep quer, for which Sum, being the Residue of the said £.15,872. 14/. a Tally was produced.

Apd it appeared by an Account of South Sea Stock (produced by Mr. Underwood, a Clerk in the South Sea House) that the said Sun) of £. 19,000 ft ill remained in the Name of Sir Joseph Jekyll, and the Dividends acr crued due thereon* from Midsummer 1745 to the 5th of January 1774, Hill remain in the Hands of the South Sea Company, to the Amount of £.10,600.

It also appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Thomas Jekyll, Mrs. Playjord Minter, Mr. jojeph

Mrs. Tryphena Baldwin, that Sir jojeph Jekyll left no Child, nor any Brother or Sister; and that he left several Nephews and Nieces, na.me\y, Joseph Jekyll, of the Custom House, Dame Mary Blacket, Elizabeth Kirk ham, Tryphena Lovell, Richard Mart, Francis Hill, jrypjiefia Rujj'ell, Mary Parsons, and Tryphena Hester,

and ijp others.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the , Confitferation of the Committee of the whole House, to wfiom it is referred to consider further of the Supply grafted 40 His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cu<ddon:

Mr- Speaker,

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An GUfgcw Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Roads.

Twejity-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his fote Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of lo

far as she same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to R Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambijang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act KnarefW to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign Inclosure. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing " and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District " called The portj qJ Knaresborough, in the County of " York, as lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof;

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" without any Amendment: And also.

The -Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ivtiwy for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Inclosure-Stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Powis'W . to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Estates. Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound certain Debts due to His Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Majon, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Compofiiion, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom; without any Amendment:

And also.

Wroot

Inclosure.

Foleshill lndofure.

Teas: Raft India Cogij^y,

Hereford

Sheets,

Warming ton Inclosure.

Weeting

Inclosure.

Barton,

4cc.

Inclosure.

Wilson’s

£Hates.

Bewdley,

See.

Roads.

14 Geo. III. 40 Mail.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act And the said Bill, being ingrafted, was according^ for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Mea- lead the Third Tims.

dows, Pastures, Commons, and Wafts Grounds, in the R That the? Bill do pass: And that the Title Parish of Wroot, in the County of Lincoln; without any be, An Act for continuing, altering, and amending,-an Amendment: And also, , Act, made and jpafled injdae Twentyvfixth Year of the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reign of his late Majestar King the Second;

for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Waste intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening federal Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within, the Parish of " Roads, leading -frofu ;the Town of in

Foies kill, in the County of the City of Coventry, without " County of Wove eft <tr-, to the several Places thereih any Amendment: And also, " mentioned, in the Counties and Salop

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " respectively." for granting further Time to the United Company of Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to ex- Lords, and desire tjbeir Concurrence, pure to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in

their Warehouses.unfold on the Fifth Day of April One Ordered, That there be laid before this Houffc, Gold thousand Sewn hundred and Seventy-four 5 and for Copies of the several Orders made by the Commi (lioness C'?,n; allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such of His Majesty’s Treasury, in pursuance of an Act, c*

Teas; -without any Amendment: And also, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " Act for the better preventing the 'counterfeiting, clip-for.paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets " ping, and other diaiinishing, the Gold Coin of this and Lines in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, " Kingdom.’' 1

and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by Account of the Quantity of deficient Gold Coin inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of received at the Bank, at the Rate of 3/. 17 the said City; and for the better Application of Charity per Ounce, in consequence of the Orders of the Corn-Money, for fitting the poor People of the said City to missioners of His Majesty’sTreasury $ distinguishing the Work; and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Quantity received in each Week.

Houses and Lands within the ford City; without any Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Amendment: And also, Account of the Quantity of Gold that has been coined

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act into Guineas, Half Guineas, or Quarter Guineas, since for dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Open the Year 1661; distinguishing the Quantity coined in Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish each Year,

of Warmington, in the County of Northampton; without Ordered, That Mr. Joseph , the King’s AffaV

any Amendment: And also, . Matter of the Mint, do, upon Monday Morning next.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, is referred to take, into Consideration the State of the Half-year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Breck«, Heaths, Gold Coin of this kingdom.

Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish Ordered, That Mr. Stainjhy , the Matter’s

of Weeting, in the County of Norfolk; without, any Afiay Matter of the Mint,.do attend the said Corn-Amendment: And also, mittee, at the same Time.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Ordered, That Mr. William Chamberlayne, Solicitor to for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole-; the Mint, do attend the said Committee, at the same year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, Time,

Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are flaHjceri Bcndish, or Eafmore, in the County of Norfolk; without thereunto subscribed. Bankers in the City of gee.

any Amendment: And also, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Estates.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for That the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending in Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates late of tire House, for making the Estates of such Periods as John Wilson, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County are Bankers only, within the Cities of London and

of Surrey; and for laying out the Money to arile by Westminster, and within a certain Drftance thereof, liable such Sale for the Benefit of John Wilson, an Infant, his to the Payment of their own and Partnership Debts, and eldest Son and Heir at L~w > to which the Lords desire for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods, the Concurrence of this House. Wares, and Merchandize; and for other Purposes

1 And then the Messengers withdrew. therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners apprehend,

if such Bill should be patted into a Law, it would be very A Motion was made, and the Question being injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, proposed, That the Bill to enlarge the Term and That they may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-Powers of an Act, made ami passed in the Twenty- fid,. against the said Bill, and that the same may not be sixth Year of the Reign of hi-, late Majesty King George patted into a Law.

die Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and Ordered, That the said Petition do lie ujxin the Table,

widening several Roads leading from the Town of yntil the Bill for making the Estates of such Persons as

'* Bezvdley, in the County of U'orcester, to the several are Bankers only, within the Cities of and West-

" Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Wor- /warmer, and within a certain Distance thereof, liable to " cester and Salop respectively," be now read the Third the Payment of their own and Partnership Debts; and Time; for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods,

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to Wares, and Merchandize; and for regulating the Man-the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," and ner of issuing Bankers Promissory Notes; and for in-at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon ftjifting further Punishment on Clerks to Bankers, who " Monday Seven night." ' thall embezzle Money or Effects, be read a Second

And the Question being put, that the Word " now" Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by them-

stand Part of the Question; , selves or Count'd, against the said Bill, upon their Pe-

It was resolved in the Affirmative. tition, if they think fit.

Then the main Question being put; O, That Counld be admitted to be heard, at Resolved, That* the said" Biif he new road the Third the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Time. ’ laid Petition.

Vol. 34. Sir

J02 4 — 5°

Massachuset’* Sir Charles Whitworth., according to Order, reported Bay from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the impartial Administration of Justice, in c* the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New ’,was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place', and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for taking away Appeals in the Massachusets Bay, in Cafes of Murder, during the Continuance of the Ad.

And a* Motion being made, That the said Clause be brought up;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for declaring the Continuance of the Ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blank's; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. *

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Artificer!. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,1 intituled, "An Act for the effectual puni thing of Persons " convicted of seducing Artificers, in the Manufactures " of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the Dominions of " the Crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made use of in the Woollen and " Silk Manufactures from Great Britain and Ireland into1 " Foreign Parts j and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed, in certain Cafes, by ' " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures " therein mentioned."

Elections: Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Scotland. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and to restrain the Partiality, " and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at " such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in Course to be the presiding

Mail. 17741

Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made:

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That jthe Bill for Relief of Book fellers and Copy Others, by vesting the Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their er*’

Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday R*teof next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Inter«B* mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act. to reduce the Rate " of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary " Securities.":

Resolved, that this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* and next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole Mean!. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Matt 1

Anno 14° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Praters.

SIR Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Thame* .

whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made, an^ lfi.s in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for im- Nav,8at,0B* proving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London, to the Town,-of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as rest rains the Commissioners from erecting any Works within the Liberties of the City of London-, and for improving-the Navigation of the River Thames within the said Liberties, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found fh.e same to be true; and that the Committee had gpne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of.

don, in Common Council assembled, which was Yester-. day presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Matter contained in the said Petition, Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That, under the particular Circumstances of . this Cafe, Leave be given to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to present > a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, within their Liberties, as desired by their said Petition.

Lrwiftiam

Church.

Hellidon

]ncloiu:e.

Ayr,

£cc.

Roads.

Turnpike

Road*.

Wilson's

Estates.

Artificers.

14 Geo. JII. c° Ma. 703

Sir Charles Farnaby presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the county of ; And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kennedy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr-, and for repairing and widening certain other Roads w'ithin the said County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, we're’agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Ad " of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tab'e.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates late of John IFi/fon, Esquire, deceased, situatein the County of Surrey; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale for the Benefit ot John IVitfon, an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider of an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the effectual punching of Persons com " vifted of seducing Artificers, in the Manufactures of " Great Britain or Ireland, out of the Dominions of the " Crown of Great Britain-, and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made Use of in the Woollen and Silk " Manufactures from Great Britain and Ireland into " Foreign Patts; and for the more easy and speedy " Determination of Appeals allowed, in certain Cafes,

" by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

" relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly >

VOL.34.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Warren took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to BrickWiamptai whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and *nc*oiure* Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Parish or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons who are possessed' of Lands to be inclosed, to the Amount of £.83. 8j. 3*/; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Value of £.405. i6j. 3 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the Hoyfe.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Commissioners to make Compensation to the Lords of the Manor.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving the Rights of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, if prosecuted within a limited Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

A Metfage by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher Royal of the Black Rod: Assent

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned:

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the'Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering the Lord Ai chbishop of \

the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Tord President of the Council, and the Earl of HiUJborough, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company:

An Act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

8 R to

704 5 ° MaiA. 1774.

to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unfold, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas;

An Act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal, or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, to Bay, in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson’s Bay Company, and their Servants residing the re:

An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wilis made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof:

An Act for diverting out of the Crown, the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmauri, Esquire, deceased; and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound certain Debts due to His Majesty', and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop-, and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom:

An Act for explaining and amending, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for.improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow-, and for building a- Bridge cross the said

River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbelfs; and Part of another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the Old Bridge across the"River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow, to the Village of Gorbells:

An Act for fixing and regulating a public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat, within the Towm and Borough of Swansea, :in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln-, and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish:

An Act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining the Poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of

London and for paving, clcanling, lighting, and watching, the Streets,: Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of S Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Midd/esex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land fora Burial Ground, for the Lie of the said Parish:

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the- Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers Waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City; and for the better Application of Charity Money, for setting the Poor People of tire-laid City to work; and to enable Bodies

Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands, within the said City: s

An Act to enlatge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twemy-ievemh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the Cityr of Glasgow, so tar as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cow-caddens, to that Part of the Water of Keivine, called The Mihtfordof Garfcube:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the ' Road from Bcfmgslokc, through Wortin,

Hurfborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle IVallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobtomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflozo, in the county of ; for

including the Road from Spittle to

Mullen s Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads Irom Andover, through , towards

Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhillto Sarfoti Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Baftngstoke:

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridge', in the County of Fife:

An Act to continue the Terms of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairs ing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, ft) far as the same relate to the Roads from rlie City of Glasgow to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to 4he Three Mile House, to the 'iown of Airdrie, and irom the Village of Gorbells to the Chapel of Cambvflang, in the

Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew:

An Act for confirming an Agreement between William Earl of Radnor, and the President and Fellows of Queens College, Cambridge, for an Exchange of the Advowson ofi Seagrave, in the County of L for the Advowson of Great Chiverel, in the County of r

An Act for vesting in John Larl of Breadalbane, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate, in the County of Argyll; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands lying contiguous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate:

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Henry Pent on, Esquire, and Thomas , to grant

Building Leases, pursuant to Two several Agreements entered into for that Purpose:

An Act to subject and charge the Rectory and Parsonage Impropriate of Sunning, otherwise Sonyuge, in the Counties of Berks and Oxon, and the Manor, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Three several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to Doctor Thom-.is Greene, and his Successors, Deans oi and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Premises out of him and his Successors; and for veiling the lame, lo charged, in Robert Palmer, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns:

An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold and Lease-hold Estates, deviled by tbO Will of John Mitford, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to fell the lame, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale: in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof," to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Fofter, and LevinaDavey Fojier, his Wife, in

Holdingham and New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, in the said William Fofter, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates of the said William Fofter, in otherwise Algarkirke, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Common

i4 Geo. III. 5 ° Mam765

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Upton buvy ,in the county of :

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Parish of Spridiington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, and Free Commons, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln: '

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ludborough, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , in

the County of Lincoln

An Act for dividing, and inclosing several Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manor of the Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of in the County of Worcester

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlets of and , in the

Parish of Twyford, in the County of Buckingham

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts " of the District called the Forest of in

" the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof; and for other Purposes therein " mentioned

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parilft of in the County of

Lincoln:

An Act for dividing aod| inclosing the Common Fields,. Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Folein the County of the City of Coventry:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Warmington, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half-year Indolures, Lammas Meadows, Breeks, Heaths, Warrens, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of

Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Barton, otherwise Barton or

Raft more, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for naturalizing Nicolaus Eggers

An Act for naturalizing John. Ever I h:

An Act for naturalizing Captain David Francis De Be%<fncenet: , .

An Act for naturalizing Clivifian Frederick EJberger.

EZcfcirhampton Then several other Amendments were made, by the

Inclosure. House, to the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paftyres, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Parish: or Township ot in the County of Worcester. ,;

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Saviour An ingrofil'd Bill for enlarging the present, or pro-

Workhcufc v'^'nS a new Work house for the Lie of the Parish of or cu e. Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark-, for making a Carriage Way, from the said High Street, through the VoL. 34.

Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street; and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Blackfryars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Chrjl Church, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the present, or providing a new Workhouse for the UTe of the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound:

Inn, into Queen Street; and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Blackfryars Bridge Road, in the Parish. of

Ordered, That Mr. Cam do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Two p0tton Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Parish of Pottonin the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that-the Title be, An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields; and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potton, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Officer*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better providing suitable Quarters A^ericsu for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received: Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hotham. reported from the Commttee, who wefe Elections. appointed to consider of the Laws now in being, relative to the Election-or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and who were empowered to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House i That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, in obedience to the Orders of the House, taken a Review of all the Acts of Parliament upon the Subject referred to them.

The First, which seemed to require an attentive and particular Consideration, was an Act, passed in the First Year of the lleign of King Henry the Fifth, Cap. n, which directs. That the Knights of the Shires be resident within the Shire where they shall be chosen, the Day of the Date of the Writ of the Summons of the Parliament; that the Choofers of those Knights be also resident within the same Shires, in Manner and Form aforesaid; and that the Citzens and Burgesses be chosen Men, Citizens and Burgesses, refiant, dwelling, and free in the same Cities and Boroughs.

Yovir Committee observed upon this Law, That it had been held by the most able and learned Authorities to be merely directory; that the House had decided in many ancient Cafes, and particularly in the same of the

Election /

oc le

706 5° Maii. 1774.

Election for the County of Leicester, upon the 9th of Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

February 1620, that it was not necessary to be observed; agreed to by the House.

and that a constant Usage had ever since prevailed Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon against it. the Fit ft and Last of the said Resolutions: And that

The Act passed in the Eighth of King Henry the Mr. Hotham, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Fuller, and the Sixth, Cap. 7, together with an Act, passed in the Lord Folkestone, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Tenth Year of the same Reign, Cap. 1, and an Act, Ordered, That the said Report be printed, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the same Reign,

Cap. 15, proceeding upon the same Principle with the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Chance.-y above-mentioned Statute, fall under the same Obfer- Reading of the Bill for rebuilding the Office of the Six Buildings, vation. Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erect-

The next Statute which engaged the Attention of ing Offices for the Register and Accountant General of your Committee, was the Act passed in the Seventh the said Court, for the better preferring the Records,

Year of King William, Capl 4, for preventing Charge Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Par- Offices, be now read.

liament. And the said Order being read accordingly;

That this Act had not been much observed, was very The said Bill was read a Second Time, manifest to your Committee; they proceeded therefore Re/ That the Bill be committed, to esquire, whether the Neglect of it arose from any im- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee proper Rigour, or false Policy, in the Act itself; and it of the whole House.

appeared to them, that the Act was well calculated Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning to secure the Purity of Elections; and that, if all Men next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole were obliged to take Notice of this Law, and conform House, upon the said Bill.

themselves to it, the equal Provisions of it could not be Ordered, That the Account of the Cadi belonging to severe upon any, but would be highly beneficial to the the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, in Custody Public. of the Bank, (landing in the Name of the Accountant

The Statutes which direct the Mode of Proceeding at General of the said Court, be referred to the said Com-Elections for Counties and Cities, appeared to your mittee.

Committee to bedefeftive in One essential Point; That Ordered, That the Account of Securities, purchased no effectual Provision had been made to thorten the with the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of ln-Delay and Expence of a Poll, when taken at the usual terest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of Place of Election, which very often is at so great a Dif- Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year tance from the Residence of many of the Electors, that of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-they are obliged to be absent from Home above One cond, and in the Fourth and Ninth Years of the Reign Day. — Your Committee thought it their Duty to suggest of His present Majesty, be referred to the said Com-to the House an Alteration in this Respect, which they mittee.

conceived might at any Time be safely adopted. Ordered, That the Account of Securities, purchased

Your Committee have found some other Inconveni- with the Surplus Money, placed to the Account of In-ences in the Laws relative to the Elections for Counties terest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of an and Cities; but the Necessity of removing them not Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign being very urgent, and the advanced State of the Par- of King George the Third, be referred to the said Com-liament making it dangerous to introduce, at this Time, mittee. any Alteration, your Committee forbore to offer, at

present, any Propositions in Addition to that, which the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Cotton and House has already received, other than the following resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *

Resolutions; consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the anu d ure’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use That the First Chapter of the Statutes, made in the of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Kingdom.

Fifth; and so much of the Seventh Chapter of the

Statutes, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have . offices Henry the Sixth; and of the Second Chapter of the omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- ant* Statutes, made in the Tenth Year of the said Reign; ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or Employment* and of the Fifteenth Chapter of the Statutes, made in others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their the Twenty-third Year of the said Reign, as relates to Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, chosen, are not in Use, and ought to be repealed. and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having That an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allow-of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, ing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped;

" An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elec- and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted " tions of Members to serve in Parliament," ought to to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden-be observed and maintained. tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the

Resolved, That it appeareth to this Committee, That Third Time, in some Counties in this Kingdom, by Reason of their Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title great Extent, or the particular Situation of their County be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Towns, the Freeholders cannot but at their great Ex- to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; pence. Fatigue, and Lois of Time, be convened together and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who at any One Place, to make Elections for Knights of the have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications Shire.; and that if is the Opinion of this Committee, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further That Provision (liould be made, that in such Counties, Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members the Poll, if demanded at the Proclamation of the Writ, and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough may be taken at certain different Places, for certain dif- Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be decent Districts within such Counties. stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

The faitLResolutions being severally read a Second have been left or mislaid, and for allowing the m'l ime csij ...i . / to

Westminster

Paving,

&c.

Tewkefcary,

See.

Road.

Clrrpv: The 39 Ai tides.

Bude Port and Harbour.

Linen

Trade.

14 GeO. III.

to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of as

lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an'Adl of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several lloads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of as relates to the

Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from Elstone Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Glo, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which . they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Method of granting Relief to the Clergy of the Church of England, in the Matter of Subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles;

It passed in the Negative.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Parish of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the Navigable Part of the River ‘Tamer, in the Parish of Calstock, in the said County; which Bill was, upon the 28th Day of April last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives. His Consent, as far as. His Majesty’s Interest. is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ’

The other. Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of . the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Fellowship of English Merchants for Distovery of New Trades, commonly called, " The RuJJ'ta Company," upon their Petition; and had examined several Witnesses, and had made a further

Vol. 34.

Progress in the Matter to them referred; and) that. he was direcded by the Committee to move, that they maj> have Leave to fit again. - '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day''Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain knd Ireland.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Maii;

Anno 14° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers. .'

SIR Walter Blackett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within

the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Cafle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wefiwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans,- in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to 1 meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common; Fields, Common Heath, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell, in the Farish of Guilfborough, in the County of *

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lolbefi,;Mr. Montagu,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.: .

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may happen by Bills of Naturalization, be printed:

’ Mr; Choltnley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at Carlton, in, the West Riding of the.County of York, was committed; That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at, the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; andx upon, the Question fcvorally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause, was offered tp.be affoe<4 to the Bill, That the Leaves of the Bridge shall' be left opep, so. as not to interrupt the Passage of Vessels.

8 S And

50 — 6° Maii.

Newcastle upon Tyne T^vn Mqpr.

Luton, &c. Roads.

Hollowell . Inclosure.

Natural cation Bills.

Carltcn . Bridge.

©8 6° Mail. 1774.

: And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for referring to certain Townships their former Privilege of paging the Ferry.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then aa Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Haslemere Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in the room of William Burrell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

Turnpike An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made

Road*. the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into *f One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes}" lo far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, n An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for

regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wtdmore Sir Charles Kemys Tyn presented to the House, ac-

Iadofure. cording to Ofder, a Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining, Three several Moors or Tracts of Waste Ground, called Wcdmore, Churchland Moor, and ley Moor, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gold Ordered, That Mr. Kemp, Provost of the

Coin. Moneyers of the Mint, do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of tlws Kingdom.

'Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

and Mean*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly }

The House resolved itself' into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they hadditefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday MoTAing. MXti.

Sir Charts Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hedon for recovering, improving, and maintaining, the Naviga- Navigation, tion of the Haven of Hedon, in H in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amend-, tnent: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Holdernef*, for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, tec. within the Pari files, Townships, and Places, of Wine-steady Pattrington, South Frodingham, Hoilym, Rimfwell,

Owthorne other wise Seathorne, Withtrfea, Hilly

and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bainton for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Failures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York-, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwiek, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act- Titcombe for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Inclosure. Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of otherwise

Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Stonehouse veiling One Moiety of the Bridge buili crbfs Stone house Creek

Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon,. ®*dge. in Trustees, in Trull, to raise a Moiety of the Expences of building the same; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building, and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, of the respective Estates deviled to him by the Wills of his Father and' Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased; and likewise for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and London in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Palme*' veiling Phrt of the Estates late of George Palmes, 1£^"rn Esquire, deceased, in the Lotdship or Township of Nabourn otherwise Nabitrn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Troftees, to be sold; and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lards have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to gt. Nicholw, enable the Vicar of the Parish Church of (Newcastle *

in the Town and County of the Town of uP^n Tyne)

Tyne, to demise or tease Part of the Lands belonging to v,cara£e* the said Vicarage,-to William Loaves, Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned; to which the Lords defite the Concurrence of this House.

And- then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Howe reported from the Committee, to whom Cotton the Petirioh of Richard Arkwright and Company, of Spinner*. Nottingham, Spinners of Cotton, and Manufacturers of Brhifk Cottcto Stuffy was referred'; That the Com-5 mi t tee

i4 Geo. III. 6°

7^9

mittee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in d>e laid Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the lieport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows:

It appeared by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, granted, in 17,69, to Rickard , That he had

invented a Machine, of a peculiar Construction, for {pinning Wool, Flax, and Cotton, in a better and more expeditious Method than heretofore, peculiarly adapted for spinning Cotton Yarn fit for Warps.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Jedidiah Strutt, who produced a Piece of plain white, and a Piece of printed. Cotton Stuffs (the Warp being Cotton, and tpun by the said Machine) manufactured from raw Materials, near Blackburn, in Lancash'tre, which he laid was better adapted for Printing than.any Thing of the.Kind heretofore used for that Purpose.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Stephen Williams, a Linen Draper, That there have been printed between 50 and 60 of the said Cotton Stuffs; and tlte Samples being approved of, he ordered about 300 Pieces more; but, upon the first Parcel being printed, the Officers of Excite demanded a Dury of Sixpence per Yard as Callicoes, being the same Duty that is paid upon Callicoes imported from the Indies; and thereupon the said Williams and Company preferred their Petition to the Commissioners of Excise (which Petition was produced) Setting forth. That the Petitioners having lately bought l'ome Cottons, the Warp and Shoot whereof were > all Cotton of the Growth of the Plantations, with an Intent to print them, but for the high Duty charged as aforesaid; and praying, as the Goods were the entire Manufacture of England, to be relieved from that Duty, and charged with the Duty of Three Pence per Yard only; which Petition being returned indorsed, u Charge with the Callicoe Duty; W.L." — That the Cottons, called

British Cottons, manufactured )n England (the Warps* whereof are moltly of foreign spun Yarn) pay only Three Pence per Yard; — that he countermanded his Orders in consequence of tire high Duty, as k would be an Advance upon them at Market of Three Pence per Yard.

Then Two Acts, pafi'ed in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of Queen Anne, were produced, and read; whereby it appeared. That upon Callicoes printed, painted, Itained, or dyed, in Great the ;Sum of Three Pence per Yard Duty is made payable by each Act; whereby such Goods being all Cotton, become liable to the Payment of a Duty of Sixpence Yard.

And also another Act, passed in the Seventh Year of King George the First, Cap. 7, S. 10, was read; whereby it appeared. That all Callicoes, printed, painted, Itained, or dyed, are prohibited to be worn, or used a* Furniture.

Then Mr. Strutt, being again examined, said, That the Petitioners had expended upwards of 13,000 in the said Manufacture; that if charged with the said Duty of Sixpence per Yard, it would totally hinder tire Growth, and obstruct the Sale, of this promising Manufacture, which, in all Probability, will begotbe a fkmrishing Trade, if encouraged, and be the Means of employing many Thousands of poor People, there being already upwards of 600 Persons of all Age^ employed in this Branch of Business; that Children of Seven Years oldyand upwards, are employed, and they prefer Children from Ten to Twelve Years old, for the preparing and spinning Cotton by the said Machine.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Cen-ijdera&aD of a Committee of the whole House*

Yon. 34,

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Th«me* Commons, of the City of London, in Common Coun- Navigation, cil assembled.

And then they, withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the Petitioners, will be a Work of great Public Utility; and that they are willing to apply the Sum of £. 10,000, if necessary, out of their Estates, towards carrying the said Work into Execution; which Sum, the Petitioners flatter themselves, will be sufficient for the said Purpose, without laying any Toll or Duty on Persons navigating the River Thames within the said Liberties; and that the Powers with which the Petitioners are at present invested, are not sufficient to enable them effectually to improve and complete the said Navigation; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, within the said Liberties, with such

Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Sir Francis Vincent,&c.: And they are to meet upon

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Tewkeibnrjr so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in Rokd. the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kins George the Second, for repairing and widening feverafe Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesburyc, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned -, and to amend the Road from Elstone Church, to the Turnpike Road front

drencher to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester, was read the Third Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlatge tlte Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and p&ffed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkejhury, in the County of Gbucejier, as relates to the Second District of

Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road front Elfioae Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Glottce/fer, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Gitije do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill-for regulating the Usage and Stock* Saint Neot’s ing of divers Commonable Lands and Commons, within Commons, the Parish of Saint Neat's, in the county of ;

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pan tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neot's,in the County of

Huntingdon;

Hmingworth

Inclosure.

Hat

Manufacture*

Foxteth

Park

Chapel.

Shoreditch

Road.

71O

6° Mali. 1774*

Huntingdon; and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers Commonable Lands and Commons within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Harringwor in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges Brudenell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abides " committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture " of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, " Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, " Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Gombinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpreflers, and of all Persons employed in the said'several " Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their " Wages," was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed tobe made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I.5. After "Yarn" to insert " or in case " such Owner is one of the People " called Quakers, then upon the " solemn Affirmation of such Owner. "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by " Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and " in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of " Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflfers, " and of all Persons employed in the said several " Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages."

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. \

A Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, erecting at Foxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pennant, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill Be' committed to Sir Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Towusaid, &c.: And they-are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Palmes’ for-vesting Part of the Estates late of George Palmes,

Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Tcrwnship of Nabourn otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Truflxes, to be sold, and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St. Nicholas to enable the Vicar oil the Parish Church of Saint Newcastle Nicholas, in the County of the Town of Newcofile upon Uy°^ayi^ Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the Land belonging to u""age* the said Vicarage, to William Lowes, Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned, was read the First’Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from Quarter* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for officers, for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers &c;

and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North America, enca*

was-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to refdlve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

- The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dirfefted him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself iiito a Committee of the whole Hotife, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Almfe houses irt Shoreditch, to the Northermost Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road as-they shall think fit to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County, was read a Second Time. ..... ..

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, y -

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of the several Orders Gold " made by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea- Coin. " fury, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, dipping, and otherwise diminishing, the Gold Coin of this Kingdom."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Com--

mittee of: the whole House, to' whom it is referred to

take

4

ir

14 Geo. tlL 6° M\71 i

take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of ^ejice for each of the Firfi and Second Hundred of.

this Kingdom.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Banker* A Petition of the Matter, Wardens', and Commonalty,

EiUtcs. of Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the Estates of such Persons as are Bankers only, within the Cities of London and and within a certain

Dittance thereof, liable to the Payment of their own and Partnership Debts; and for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and for regulating the Manner of ilfuing Bankers Promissory Notes; and for inflicting further Punishment on Clerks to Bankers who shall embezzle Money or Effects; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, the said Bill is partial to a very great Degree, being calculated to favour and serve a particular Set of Men, who call themselves Bankers only, and that in Prejudice of the Merchant Bankers; and that the said Bill is framed on a Principle repugnant to Equity, which loves Equality; and that the Partiality of the said Bill, in Favour of the Persons who stile themselves Bankers only, is further evident, in that it lays no Restraint on the word Species of Trade in this Kingdom, which has injured Thousands, and mined many, and which is Chiefly exercised by a Set of Men dealing speculatively in the Public Funds: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Turnpike Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to

Road*, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed; and also, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Fanners, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of several Persons, being common Carriers, or otherways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, were referred; and who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend; and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now " in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England; and for other " Purposes;" and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had edme to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the.Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That it is proper and expedient that some Restriction ort Limitation should be put to the Weight of Merchandize, and other Loading of Carriages, which travel upon Turnpike Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present additional Tolls dkefted to be taken on every Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, with its Loading, which shall, at any Weighing Engine, weigh One

Hundred Weight or more over and above the Weight allowed by Law, have, from Experience, in many Cafes* been found burthensome and oppressive, and require Alteration.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That instead of the additional Toll of Twenty Shillings per Hundred, directed to be taken by the said Act, for drawing greater Weight than are thereby allowed, it would be more equitable and convenient, if the following Tolls were to be taken; t the Sum of Three

Vol. 34.

Over Weight; and Sixpence for every Hundred of Over Weight, where the same shall exceed Two Hundred', and shall not exceed Five Hundred; and One Shilling for every Hundred Over Weight, where the Over Weight shall exceed Five Hundred, and shall not exceed Ten Hundred: and Five Shillings for every Hundred. Over Weight, when the Over Weight shall exceed Ten Hundred, and shall hot exceed Fifteen Hundred; and Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Over Weight, when the Over Weight shall exceed Fifteen Hundred.

Resolved, Thkt it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure or Lime for the Improvement of Land, Hay,-Straw, Fodder, or Corn unthrashed, shall not be weighed, Hay or Straw carried for Sale only excepted.

Resolved, That it is thh Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause in the said Act, permitting an unlimited Number of Horses to be drawn upon any Turnpike Road where a Weighing Engine shall be erected, and the Carriage shall be weighed, should be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Trustees of the several Turnpike Roads, lying within Ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westmin-fler, and Borough of Southwark, ought, at their Quarterly Meetings, to be empowered to lower, at their Disc cretion, the several additional Tolls hereby authorized and directed to be paid for Over Weights.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That the Exemption in the said Act, for Waggons,

Carts, or Carriages, moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, in hot paying the Toll now payable by any Turnpike Act for the Term of One Year* is found not to be a sufficient Encouragement to induce Persons to crest and make Use of the fame; and that it would be convenient that all such Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, should be exempted from paying any Toll, liable to be collected by any Turnpike Act, for a certain N umber of Years.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into jfutthet Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee* to whom Batterfc* the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Battersea, aew in the County of Surrey, and for enlaijging the Church Chwck. Yard of the said Parish Church; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

Ohe by One; and; upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. _

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

0

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s interest is St. Stephen’s concerned in the Bill for making commodious Ways and (Bdftol) Passages to and near the Parish Church of,

in the City of Briftoh, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish; which Bill was, upon this Day Sevennight, reid a Second Time, and committed: , .

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill; gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as: they fffitll think fit;

8 T Ordered,

M

D . ized by

712 6° Mail. . 1774.

Massachusets Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third , B.a?i . Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for the impartial oaoTjaftke.) -Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the , in New,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for providing a Remedy for defective Indictments, if the same should be found bad after Removal to another Colony, or Great Britain.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were l’everally proposed to be, made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 11, To leave out " Bill" and insert, " In-v quilition" instead thereof, and to leave out " Bills of."

1. 13. To leave out " or Appeals "

1. 22. To leave out " indicted" and insert " against whom such Inquisition or " Indictment shall be found" instead thereof.

1. 23. To leave out " or Appeals."

1. 27,7 To leave out " that he was" and in-

28.3 fert " in" instead thereof.

1. 29. After " or" to insert " in."

1. 33. After " or" to insert " in."

1. 34. To leave out " Purposes" and insert Cafes" instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 3. After " the" to insert " Inquisition."

L 7. To leave out " indicted" and insert " against whom such Inquisition or " Indictment shall be found" instead thereof.

1. I4,7To leave out " or in his Absence the

15,16.3 " Commander in Chief."

f. 20,7To leave out " or Commander in

21.3 " Chief."

1. 23,7To leave out " or Commander in

24.3 "Chief."

1. 25. To leave out the second " the" and insert " such" instead thereof.

1. 26. To leave out " so indicted."

Pr. 4. 1, 1. To leave out the second " the" and V insert " such" instead thereof.

I.1-'2. To leave out " indicted."

1. 11. After " such" to insert " Inquisition." 1. 11,? After " Indictment" to insert " or 12.J "Appeal."

1. I4,)To leave out " or Commander in

15.V " Chief."

1. 19. To leave out " indicted" and insert " against whom such Inquisition or " Indictment shall be found, or Appeal sued or preferred," instead thereof.

1. 20. After " said" to insert " Inquisition," and after " Indictment" to insert " or Appeal."

- - r 1. 24Y)To leave- out, " or Commander in

25.) "Chief."

Pr. 5. 1. iy.- After " Justices" to insert " and *'r‘" - - - p Coroners."

1. 21. After " Justices" to insert " or " Coroners."

1. 26. :After " Or" to insert "in."

I. 27. After " or" to insert " in."

*r;'- I. 30. After " or" to insert " in."

Pr. 6. 1. 3. After " any" to insert " Inquisition " or."

1. 4. After " found" to insert " or Appeal " sued or preferred."

1. 9. To leave out " that he was" and

insert " in" instead thereof.

1. 11. After " or" to insert " in."

1. 14. After " or" to insert " in."

1. 17,?To leave out " or Commander in

18.3 "Chief."

1. 19. After " such" to insert " Inquisition," and after " Indictment" to insert " or Appeal."

1- 25>j'so leave out " indicted."

26.1

1. 28,}To leave out " or Commander in

29.3 " Chief."

1. 35. After " the" to insert " Inquisition."

I. 36. After " Witnesses" to insert " or " other Recognizance."

1. 38. After " Governor" to insert " or " Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief."

Pr. 7. 1. 1. After " said" to insert " Inquisition."

1. 8. After " said" to insert " Inquisition."

1. 9. After " been" to insert " returned."

1. 17. After " the" to insert " Inquisition."

1. 25. After " the" to insert " Inquisition."

Pr. 8. 1. 2. After " such" to irtlert " Inquisition."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for «h. Yea>{ } -7-

{Sir CecilT Mr. Alderman > 24.

bridge: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Gold Coin. Order,

An Account of Gold coined front the 20th July 1660 to the 6th May 1774.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that- Mr. , from Ditto, the Governor land Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; /and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of deficient Gold Coin received from the Public, at the Bank of England, at the Rate of 3/. \ys. 10 [d.per Ounce; and also, of the

Quantity taken from the Bjink’s own'*Stock, in consequence of the Orders of the Ldrds Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from the 2d August 1773 to the 5th May'syytf, both inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity received each Week.

And then he withdrew.

'6 - . And

ColHers,

&c.

(Scotland.)

' Bankers Estates.

Laleham

Common

Inclosure.

Elections.

(Scotland.)

U ten fils. Cotton and Linen Manufacture.

14 Geo. III.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

7*3

prevent the Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6° — 90 Matt.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Luna, 90 Maii;

Anno 14° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making the Estates of such Persons as are Bankers only, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within a certain Distance thereof,

liable to the Payment of their own and Partnership Debts j and for preventing certain Bankers from dealing in Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and for regulating the Manner of issuing Bankers Promissory Notes; and for inflicting further Punishment on Clerks to Bankers, who shall embezzle Money or Etfefts;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning " next," and inlerting the Words " this Day Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. V

Teller, for the Yea }

iMr. Alderman Saw- 1

bridge, > 49.

Mr. Laroche: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The ofher Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for'dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, *in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, be read a

Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching: the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland-, and to restrain the Partiality, and " regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such " Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Methods to Vol. 34.

A BILL for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Godley Victuallers, within the Hundred of Godley, in the (Surrey) County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they nn*teePe arc or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act wilson's for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates late of Estate. John IVilfun, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County: of Surrey-, and for laying out the Money to arile by such Sale for the Benefit of John fVilfon, an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That (he Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for making and establishing public Hull Quays, or Wharfs, in the Port of Hullfor the better P°ru an<* securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the said Port; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Rcfervoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of'Money, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port o was read the Third Time. S*

The Amendments following were leverafly proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 22. After " shall" to insert " not," and to leave out " a Ids Number of them " than Forty-one."

1. #4. After " Proxies" to insert " Proprietors of Forty-one Shares."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Relervoirs, Sluices,

Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Weddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

A

714 o Mali.1774.

Ayr, &c. An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, Road*. matje in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the county of ; and for repairing and widening certain other Roads, within the said County of Ayr, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayrj and for repairing and widening certain other Roads, within the said County of Ayr.

Ordered, That Mr. Kennedy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Qsurten An ingrafted Bill for the better providing suitable

__ fot Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s

America.6 Service in North America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North Ammca.

Ordered, That Sir Char let Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

gaston The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to tnclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Township, Parish, and Liberties, of Easton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true { and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Three Persons, whose Property amounts to 25 Acres, Two of whom could not be found; and that . the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 711 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through [the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; md, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w4Re with several Amendments to One of them, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act stonehoafc for veiling One Moiety of the Bridge built cross - Creek house Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Bridge, See. Devon, in Trustees, in Trull, to raise a Moiety of the Expences of building the lame; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn,

Baronet, of the respective Estates deviled to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased; and likewise for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and London, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to , Rudftoa whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Indofuie'. Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rudfloii, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 37 Oxgangs of Land, and 8 Cottage Rights, who, being applied to, said he had made a Refblution not to lign his Consent to the Bill, and would not break his Word, for that he knew there was Property enough consenting without him; and that the whole Number of Oxgangs is 216, and the Common Right Houses are 50; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill> with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred and Awnjr paid, by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster Extr*ordi"ti«' General of His MajestyVForces, between the 24th of March 1773 and the 22d of April 1774, and not pro- -vided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

s \

14 GsQ. III.

9° Mm-

7*5-

V

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid, by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’^ Force?, between the 24th of March 1773 and the 22d of April 1774, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

*773-Augfl 19 th.

1774*

March 17th.

*773-

May 28th.

Augfl 19th. Dec' 14th.

To Two Bills of Exchange drawn by Major General Robert Boyd, Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, for public Services there 1,368 18 5

To Three Bills of Exchange drawn by D* for D° Services 1,489 18 2

To Bills of Exchange drawn by William Leybourtie, Esquire, for public Services - -- -- - 9,603 4 8

To D® drawn by D®, for D® Services - 3,700 13 9

To D®, drawn by D®, fqr D® Services - - - - 3,763 1 6

May 28th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Heflor Tkeopkilus Esquire, for

public Services ----- 1,300----

Augfl 19th. ToD® drawn by D®, for, D° Services - - - - 5,050----

Dccr 14th. To D® drawn by D®, for D* Services - 5>799 ""

May28th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by John , Esquire, for public

Services - - - - 127 10 2

Augfl 19th. To D° drawn by D®, for D® Services - - - - 1,545 16 3

Dec' 14th. To D®|drawn by D® for D® Services - - - - 98 12 —

May 28th. Adgy 19th.

1773*

Afril 6th.

May 6 th. June 22d. Augfl 11 th.

27th. 0£lr 13th.

1774-Jarif 22d. 26th. March 17th. April 2 2d.

1773*

To Bijls of Exchange drawn by William Dalrymple, Esquire, for public

Services - 25,900----

To D®. drawn Ipy D® for P® Services - - - 400----

To Thomas Harley and Henry. Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied to, and invented in, the purchasing Spanijk and Portugal Coins for the Use and Service of the Forces in, North America To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in , P°

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service !of the Forces ip D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

To D® for the Service of the Forces in D®

16,000

- 1,600

- 16,000

1.000 — — 1,500 — —

- 16,000 — —

- 16,000-----

2.000 -

<- 17,500-----

- 10,000 — - —

May 20th. To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of October and the 24th of December 1772 June 22d. To D® for victualling the Forces in D° Garri'fons between 25th December 1772 and 23d February 1773 ’ -To D° for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York and Massachusets Bay, between 25th December 1772

and 24th March 1773 -July 16th. To D* for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of September and 24th of December 1772 -

30th. To D° for victualling the Forces in the several Posts in the Upper Country, between the 11 th of November 1772 and the 13th of April 1773 - -

Vol, 34. 8 U

1.634 !7 ni

1.531 14 9

1,hi 3 3

1,086 19 3

3.577 14 6

jC> r. d.

2,858 16 7

17,066 19 11

12,149 lS 0

1,771 18 5

26,300 — —

97,600 — —

To

7i6 $ Maii. 1774-

Dates of War ranis.

3^ 30t^- To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Dand Moses Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Gatrilons of-Quebec and Montreal, between the 24th of February and the 24th of April 1773; - - - 1,744 12 lb

Oblr 14th, To D° for victualli *,' the Forces in D° Garrisons, between

the 25th of April and 24th June 1773 - *>685 6 2f

To D° for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New

York and Massachusets Baybetween the 25th March

and 24th June 1773 - - _- - - 1,11013 4

To D8 for victualling the Forces in the Province of sylvania, between the 25th of December 1772 and the 24th of "June 1773 ---- 1,126 1 3

To D* for Provisions deposited in Store at in

the Illinois Country, between the 10th of June 1772 and 24th February 1773 - - - - 877 5 6

Nov, 30th. To D° for victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal

between the 25th of June and 24th of 1773 - 3,516 . 4 6f

1773*

Dec. 8th. To D# for victualling the Forces in the Upper Country,

From 14th April to 7th October 1773 - - - 3,407 5 4

To D' for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and M , between the

25th June and 24th September 1773 - 2,065 14 i£

1774.

Feb. 15 th. ToD°for victualling the Forces' in the Garrisons of Queb

and Montreal, between the 25 th of August and 24th of October 1773 - - 1,665 18 8|

To D8 for victualling the Troops in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of June and 24th September 1773 - - - - ': - - - - 560 16 5J

To D° for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachusets Bay; between 25th September and 24th December 1773 - 2,472 15 .1

To Robert Jones, Esquire, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from 29111 September ijp2 to 28th February - - - 1,087 14 8

To D° for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 19th of October and the 15th of November 1772, and between the 14th of December 1772 and the 7th of March 1773 ' - - - - 869 9 7

To D8 for victualling Part of the Forces in D°, between

the 8th of March and the 2d of May 1773 - - 413 16 —

Nov. 30th. To D8 for victualling Part of the Forces in D8, between

the 28th of June and 19th September 1773 - - 829 o 2$

To D° for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, from the ift of March to the 28th of September 1773 ----- 1,507 3 9

,1774-

JaiP 12. To D8 for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 20th of September and the 17th of October 1773 - - 229 8 6

1773-

May 29th. To ft. V.Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions issued at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between the 14th of December 1772, and the 7th of March 1773 ----- 914 —

1773' x

July 30th. To D# for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between the 8th of March and 2d of

May 1773 - 610 17 2

OEP 14th. To D° for Provisions issued to the Forces at D8 in D°,

between the 3d of May and 27th of June 1773 - - 1,049 10 1

*774-

Jan'2d. To D° for Provisions issued to the Forces at D° in D8,

between 28th June and 17 th of October 1773 - - 1,213 6 8

im-

A,ay 24-ih. To Witter Cuming and Fender Mason, Esquires, for victual-

ling the Forces in the Garrison of Augustine, between the 25th of August and the 24th of December 1772; and also for Provisions condemned between the 2d oi j'nly 1772 and the 16th of January 1773 - - 1,674 9 8

Mar. 22d.

1773\

May 29th.

June 2 2d.

July 20th.

To

9° Maii

*4 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

„ 1773-

Aug 12th.

14th.

*774*

jatP 8 th.

*773-

March 31st.

July 16th.

Aug. 12th.

*774-

Jan* 14th.

April eift.

1768.' Aug 20th.

1773*

July 16 th.

May 24th.

1773* July 1 ft.

' 3°th. Vol. 34.

To Witter Cuming and Kender M Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Saint ,be-

tween the 25th of December 1772 and 24th 1773 1,182 12 1

To D° for victualling the Forces in D°, between the 25th of April and 24th June 1773; for victualling the Out Polls dependant on D°, between 25th August 1772 and 24th of June 1773; and for Provisions condemned, between the 7th of January and the 7th of June 1773 - 1,867 — 7

To D° for victualling D* in D°, between the 25th of June

and the 24th of August 1773, and for condemned

Provisions - -1,31327

To Edward Codrington, Esquire, for victualling the Forces

in West Florida, between the 25th of June and 24th

of August 1772 - - - - 656 18 — -

To D" for victualling the Forces at Pe, between the 25th of August and 24th of December 1772, and for Provisions issued to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between the 25th of March and the 31st of December 1772, and also for condemned Provisions - 1,939 13 9

To D° for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 25th of December 1772 and the 24th of April 1773; for Provisions supplied to the Hospital, between the 25th of December 1771 and the 24th of December 1772; for the Hire of a Storehouse at Pensacola; and for condemned Provisions - - - 2,458 3 3

To D* for Provisions issued to Elias Dumford, and Five Men belonging to his Boat, between the ill of 1771 and the ift of June 1773, and for Provisions issued to Persons under the said Elias Directions, between the 1 ft of August 1772 and the 1 ft of August 1773 - - - . - 242 19 1

To D° for Provisions issued to the Forces at

between the 25th of April and 24th of 1773,

and for Provisions issued to the Civil Branch of Oid-nance, between the 31st of March and the 30th of September 1773 ---- 2,707 15 11

To Sir John Major, Baronet, and John Henniker, in full

Satisfaction of the Difference of Price on 400 Calks of 1

Flour by them thipped from London during the Disturbances in America, for the Use of the Troops at Pensacola ----- - 264 13 4

To D° for Provisions issued to the 21st Regiment of Foot at Mobile, and to the Regiment of Artillery there, between the 25th of October and 24th of November 1765. and also for Fourtceen Barrels of condemned Flour - - -24 29 10

52,449 8 — |

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to Thirteen Battalionsoffoot in North America, Nova Scotia, and New-

foundland, &c. apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1773 for that Service 13,95819 4$

Also the Sums flopped for the Provisions delivered to the said Battalions between the 25th of June 1772 and the 24th of June 1773 - - - 16,861 3 7!

-----------30,820 3 o

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Grenada, from the ift of October 1772 to the 31st of December following - 3,327 16 1

To D° for Provisions (flipped to the Island of Vincent, and for Provisions shipped and issued to the other Ceded Islands - - - - 5,687 8 4

To D" for Provisions shipped to the Islands of Dominica

and Saint Vincent, for the Use of the Forces there - 2,673 8 2

7*7

21,629 5 — I

To

9° Mail

Dates of Warrants.

*773* July 30th.

0£ir 14th.

*774-Mar. 22a.

April 21 ft.

1773-May 6th.

July 16th. Dec* 14th.

*774*,

April 18th.

1773-May 29th.

June 22d. July 30th. Augft 12th OElr22d.

Nov. 30th.

*774-

12 th.

FtfAr 14th.

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions shipped to the

Island of Saint Vincent, for the Use of the Forces - 2,866 17 7

To D# for Provisions shipped to the Klands of Tobago and

Saint Vincent - - - 2,264 10 3

To D° for Provisions shipped and issued to the Forces in *

the Klands of Saint Vincent and Grenada, and for Provisions condemned in Grenada - - - 3,261 13 8

To t)° for Freight and Provisions from Grenada to the other Ceded Klands, in lieu of all Charges and Expences, for One Year, due the id of OEP. 1773 - - 1,000 — — To Do for Provisions shipped and issued to the Forces in

the Ceded Klands ---- 1,609 x9 5

£. 22,691 13 6

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments in the Ceded Klands, apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1773, for that Service - - - - 13,477 12 6

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the

Province of Gambia, between the 5 th of May and 4th November 1772; for victualling the Forces at Senegal, from 19th July to the 31st of December 1772; for Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at Senegal between the 1 ft of July and the 31st of December 1772; and for condemned Flour - - - 2,343 5 9

To D° for victualling the Forces in D# between the ift of

January and 31st of March 1773 - 9*3 4 3

To D° for victualling the Forces at Fort James, Gambia, between jth November 1772 and the 24th of June x773; for victualling the Forces at Fort Lewis, Senegal, between the rft of April and the 31st of August 17735 and for Agents Salary, k£c. - - - 3,171 6 10

To D® for victualling the Forces'at Senegal-, for Agents Salary at James Fort, Gambia, between the ift of September 1773 and the 25th of January 1774; and for Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at Senegal, between the ift of July 1773 and the 23th of January 1774 ---- 1,580 1 7

8,007 *8 5

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Corps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1773, for that Service ----- 2,321 14 io?

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell", Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 5th of October 1772 and 24th January 1773 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 25th of January and 21st February 1773 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 22d of February and 21 ft March 1773 - -

To D° for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 22d

,of March and 18th of April 1773 - -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 19th of April and 16th of May 1773 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D® between the 17th of May and 13th of June 1773 -

To D®for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 14th of June and 1 ith July 1773 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, betw'een the 12th of July and 5th September 1773 -

To D® for Insurance on Provisions issued to the Forces in D®,between the 7th of September 1772 and the 3th of September 1773 -

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 6th of September and 3d of October 1773

To D® for victualling the Forces in D®, between the 4th and 31st of October 1773 - - .

10,365 7 4

2,591 — ' H

2>59 9 16 6

2,604 — 3

2,600 *9 4

2,639 18 4

2,649 — 2

5,222 3 6f

5°3 3 9

2,610 8 10

2,270 4 7

.A. 1774

9,214 1 —

5,686 3 6*

To

14 Geo. III. 9* Mail.

Dates of Warrants.

7*9

*774-. Feb. 26th. \

April *othi

_ 1 773* Dec. rBth.

1774-Mat. 17th.

To Zachary Philip Fonnereau, Esquire, and Sir Bur-

rell, Baronet, for victualling the Forces in the Gardson of

Gibraltar, between the ift and 28th of November*773 " 2,311 16 6-

To D° for victualling the Force* in D°, between the 29th }

!of November and 26th of December 1773 1 - 2,300 17 to

t 111 v

4x»^78 17 11

Towards the Expence. of Provisions delivered to the Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1773 for that Service - 24,307 17 3}

\ ----- ?

To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, for srovisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca - 4,000-----

To D* for Provisions lent by him for the Supply of D?

Garrison - - - - 1,200 — —

I?t3-April 30th.

May 27th.

July 16 th.

,1774’

Mur. 15 th.

1773-Apr. 30th.

May 20th.

July 30th.

„ I?74\

Jan? 23th.

FebJ 3d.

.1773-

Mar. 24th.

Apr. 30th.

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between the ill of 1772 and the 4th

of January 1773 - 301 5 4

To DJ for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D*, between the 5th of January and 10th of

*773 ’ - - - 246 19 6

To D° for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in D°, between nth April and ift June 1773 . - Hi 8 2

To D" for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops

in D°, between 27th May and 28th September 1773 284 14 3

To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esquires, for 38 Negroes in the lfiand of Tobago, between 31st March and ift July 1772; for 33 Negroes in D° lfiand, between 30th of June and ift of October 1772 j and for 83 Negroes in the lfiand of Dominica, from ift of October to 31st December 1772, who have been supplied and victualled by them for Public Service ---- 966 15; 7

To D° for 33 Negroes in the lfiand of Tobago, between 30th September 1772 and ift of January 1773; and for 106 Negroes in the lfiand of St. Vincent, from the 30th of June to the 30th of September 1772, who have been supplied and victualled by them for Public Service - 853 15 8

To D* for Negroes supplied and victualled by them in the lfiand of Grenada, between the ift of and 31st

of December 1772, for Public Service - 443 5 6

To D* to complete the Sum of £.4,118. 19. 8. for Negroes supplied and victualled by them in the Ceded Islands, between 31st December 1772 and 30th June 1773, for Public Service ----- 1,118 19 8

To D* for 53 Negroes in the lfiand of Grenada, and 110 Negroes in the lfiand of Saint Vincent, from the ift of

July to 30th of September 1773, for Public Service - i,oio 7. '

To D° for 38 Negroes in the lfiand of Tobago, from ift April to ift July 1773, and for 79 Negroes in the lfiand of Dominica, from ift July to 30 th September 1773, for Public Service ----- 749 12 2

To Messieurs Ross and Gray for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread to sundry Regiments of Foot Rationed at Chatham, Tynmoulh, and Plymouth - - - - 1,246 13 9

To John Kichatdson, Esquire, to enable him to reiinburfe the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages for the Allowance for Paymaster and Surgeon, from 25th of to 24th of December 1772, and for Bread-Money for the said Regiment - 6*4 18 —

16,970 ip- 9*

5,200

944 7 3

15 7

VOL. 34.

8 X

To

7-ao

Dates of Warrants.

1773*

Sept. 3d.

29th.

Nov. 29th;

1774-

JanJ 13th;

Feb. 14th.

1773-

Mar. 24th.

Jift.

April 30 th.

*773*

July 8th.

dug* nth.

Sept' 3d.

Nov. 17.

9

6i

Tp John tVinter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-Pommissioned

1 Officers and Private Men of the 2d and 30th Regiments of Foot, the [Stoppages for the Allowance for Paymaster and Surgeon, and for Bread Money to the 30th Regiment, to June 1773 - - 289 2 8

Tp Messieurs Ross and Gray for His Majesty’s Allowance (towards the increased Price of Bread, for the 3d, 7th, -

and 19th Regiments of Foot, Rationed at,

Dover, Plymouth, tnd Berwick upon Tweed - - - 846 13

To James Meyrick, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread, to the 33d Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Plymouth ' - - 137 -

To D®for His Majesty's Allowance of D°, to the 23d Regiment of Foot - - - -v-V 189 18 2

To Messieurs Ross and Gray for His Majesty’s Allowance ,of D° to the 3d and 19th Regiments of Foot, stationed in the Barracks of Chatham, Berwick upon , and

Edinburgh Castle - - 529 4 4

To Lieutenant General Lambart, for His Majesty’s Allow-. . ance of D° to the 67th Regiment of Foot, stationed in

the Barracks of Chatham and Tynmouth - - - 407 -

To James Meyrick for His Majesty’s Allowance of D° to the 33d, 66th, and 68th Regiments of Foot, stationed in the Garrisons of Plymouth, Berwick, and Tynmouth parracks <- - 321 19 5

To Lieutenant General Lambart to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers ^nd Private Men of the 07th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowance, from 25th of June 1771 to 24th of December 1772, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said

Regiment.....474 18 2

To Messieurs Adair and Buliock to reimburse the Non- . commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the St >ppages made for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1772- - - - - 115 7 —

To Messieurs Ross and Gray to reimburse the D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1771 to the 24m of June 1772 - - 1,384 18 —

To D® to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th of June 1772 to 24th of December 1772 - - - 733 7

To^Messieurs Cox and Mair to reimburse the D°of sundry

Regiments, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - 843 9 —

To Adam Wood, Esquire, to reimburse the Non-commis-

honed Officers and Private Men of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s Allowances, from the 25th of June 1771 to the 24th of December 1772 -

To Lieutenant General A'Court Ashe to reimburse the D® of the nth Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of December 1772 to the 24th of June 1773, and also for the Allowance of Bread to the said Regiment, between the ift of January and the 30th of June 1773 -

To Messieurs Ross and Gray to reimburse the D® of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from the 25th of December 1772 to the 24th of June 1773 - -

To Messieurs John and George Hejfe to reimburse the D® of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D® from Du to D®

To Messieurs Adair and Bullock to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers, &c. of the 4th and 25th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To James Meyrick, Esquire, to reimburse the D®of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D", from D® to D® To John Richardfou, Esquire, to reimburse the D® of the

32d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th of June 1771 to 24th December 1772 - -

To Edmund Armjhong, Esquire, to reimburse the D° or the 32(1 Regiment ot Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1772 to 24th June 1773

163 7 o

339 8 2 792 3 3

163 4 8 i

113 — 4

582 5- 6

46 1 9

75 1 3*

ji^."Geo. III*

90 Ma

721

Dates of Warrants.

1?73# A Novr 19th. Tq Lieutenant General Amstrong to reimburse the Noil-

commissioned Officers, &c. of the-8th Regiment of Foot,

the Stopples made for the Surgeon’s and Paymaster’s

Allowances, from 25th December 1772- to 24th June

’778. ' -

' ' To Major General -Evelyn to reimburse the D® of the

29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from the 25th of "June 1771 to the 24th of December 1772. - - - - L

Dec' 23d. To Messieurs Cox and Mair to reimburse the Noh-commi (honed Officers and Private Men of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Pay-maftef’s and Surgeon’s Allowances, from the 25th of December 1772 to 24th June 1773 -

T774* Jan* 13th.

24th. Feb. 14th.

l&th.

17 7 3 -Feb. 26th.

Aov. 17th.

29th.

Dec. 20th. 23d.

To Messieurs Ross and Gray to reimburse the D® of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June to 24th December1773 -

To Janies Meyrick, Esquire, to reimburse the D® of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® toD® ——

To Messieurs Adair and Bullock to reimburse the D® of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D" -

To Sir Eyre Coote to reimburse the D° of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® toD® - - - -: -

To William Cowden, Esquire, to reimburse the D® of the 29th-Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D® from the 25th of December 1772 to the 24th of December 1773 - -

To Edmund Armflrong, Esquire, to reimburse the D® of the 8th and 32d Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1773 -

To Messieurs Cox and Mair to reimburse the D® of several Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® ——

To John Wintery Esquire, to reimburse the D® of the 2d, 11th, and 30th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, and for the Allowance of Bread to the nth and 30th Regiments, from D® to D®

To Adam Woody Esquire, to reimburse the D® of the 31st Regiment of Foot, th6 Stoppages made for D®, and for the Allowance of Bread to the said Regiment, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December *773 .....-

57

8/

*3 *3 4t

Summer 1772 - -

To Lieutenant General Carpenter’for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in Summer 1773 -

To Lord Robert Manners for D° for his Regiment of Dragoon Guards in D® Summer -

To the Marquis of Lothian for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer - -

To Major General FitzRoy for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer -

To the Earl of Panmuro for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer -

To the Earl of Pembroke for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in D° Summer - -

To General Cholmondeley for D° for his Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer - -

To Lieutenant General Elliott for D® for his Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer - -

To General Mojiyn for D® for his Regiment of Dragoon Guards in D° Summer - -

792 3 4

735 a 7

5° ? % —

170 1 —

57 * — - - 8

> h 146 19 9

"3 — 4

848 3 —

545 6 4

199 13 4

Dragoons in 158 16 —

321 11 —

196 7 1 i

126 5 —

360 1 3

171 8 —

126 5 —

126 5 ~

497 19 —

188 14 6

10,117 13

VOL. 34.

To

A, 1774.

722

t>ates of Warrants.

*773-

Dec. 23d.

1774.]an. 13 th.

*773*

July 30th.

Jant 13th. FebJ 14th.

*774-

Jan. 13 th.

Feb. 14th.

Mar. nth. 25th.

Feb. 14th.

1773' Mar. 31st.

July yth. Nov. 26th.

774-

Jan. 13 th.

Feb. 18 th.

1773-

March 24.

2d.

April 29th.

90 Mali.

To Major General Burgtyne for Grass Money for his Regi*

ment of Dragoons in Summer 1773 - - - Il6 3 —

To Lieutenant General Howard for D* for his Regiment

of Dragoons in D* Summer - - - 186 2 —

To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon him for the Pay of divers Suigeons and Surgeon’s Mates in the Ceded 1 (lands, &c. 1,000 — —

To D° for D° Service - - - - - - 1,000-----

To D® for D® Service - - - - .187 8

To James Majlerton and John Inglis, Esquires, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum and Charges of Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons in North , from ift January to

31st December 1772 *--- 1,887 8 4

To Humph. Bland Gardiner, Gentleman, for Necefiaries

furnished to the Forces in North Britain, (Ac. for the Year 1773 ---- - 3,023 18 —

To James Majlerton, Esquire, and Sir John , Baronet, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum and Charges of Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons in North Britain, from ift January 1773 to 31 ft of December following - - - 1,83a 11 10

To the Duke of Argyll for the like Sum expended by him

on divers Occasions in North Britain - - - 300 — —

To John Campbell, Esquire, Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by him for furnishing Specie to the Troops there, from the 25th of December 1772 to the 25th of December 1773 - - 234 7 —

To John Powell, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals landed and received at Gibraltar between the 27th of April and 8th of December 1773, for the Use of the Garrison there - 1,847 19 9

To D° for a Quantity of Wood for the Use of D® Garrison

in the Winter 1771 — 2 ----- 233 13 n

To William Stukeley in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing and repairing the Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Portsmouth, and for furni thing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the said Barracks -To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas Island, from

December I’j’ji June - 223 4 —

To D® to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - - 500 — —

To D® for Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas llland, from 25th June to 24th December 1773 - - 147 2 5

To D® for providing and repairing'divers Utensils, &c. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, and for his

Salary for providing and taking Care of them, from the

25th of December 1772 to 24th December 1773 - - no 4 3

To Major General John Bradstreet for 363 Days Pay as Deputy Quarter Master General in North America> from 25th of December 1770 to the

24th of December 1771, both inclusive - - - 182 10 —

To D® for 366 Days D* as D* in D®, from 25th December

1771 to 24th December 1772, both inclusive - - 183 — , —

To Captain Andrew Frazer for 177 Days Pay as Commis-lary at Dunkirk, from the nth of October 1772 to the 5th of April 1773, both inclusive - - - - 265 lo ___

2,585 t8 to f

2,187 8

’7,278 6 a

2,081 13 8

95 *3 w

980 10 3

To

723

i4 Geo. III. p° Mail

Dates of Warrant*.

1773-

Nov' 8th.

April 30th.

Dec' 23d.

April 30 th.

,774-

28th.

*773*

May 12th.

1774' FebJ 14th.

1773*

May 17 th.

July 21 ft.

Aug nth.

*773*

Sep' 1 ft.

*774-

24th.

1773-Z)ffr20th.

*774- ,

7<w»> 13th.

25th.

Febr 14th.

2.5th.

Vol. 34.

To Captain Andrew Frazer, for 188 Days Pay as Commissary at Dunkirk, from the 6th of April to the 10th of October 1773 -

To Messieurs Cox and Mair, for 183 Days Pay of Seven additional Surgeon’s Mates to the 36th Regiment of Foot at Jamaica, from 25th June to 24th December

To D°, for the Pay of Seven additional Surgeon’s Mates to D° Regiment in D®, from 25th December 1772 to the 9th of March 1773, and One Surgeon’s Mate, from 24th of February to 24th April 1773 -

To Charles Campbell, in lieu of his Half Pay as a Second Lieutenant in the late 12 Independant Companies in the East Indies, from 31st of December 1766 to 24th of December 1772 -

To D® in lieu of D°as D®, from 25th of December 1772 to 24th oi December 1773 -

To Thomas Jones, in lieu of his Half Pay as reduced Surgeon in Colonel Jorden's Regiment of Marines, from 20th of June to 24th of December 1772 -

To D® in lieu of D® as D®, from 25th December 1772 to the 24th of December 1773 -

To James Meyrick, Esquire, for the Pay of Ten Surgeon’s Mates to the 66th Regiment of Foot at Jamaica, from 25 th June to 24th December 1772 -

To Susannah Campbell, in lieu ot her late Husband Colonel John Campbell’s Half Pay, as a reduced Colonel, from the 25th of December 1769 to the 10th of February

1773 -

To Lieutenant Colonel Saint Leger, for x 82 Day’s Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from the 23th of December 1772 to the 24th of June 1773

To John Donnellan, in lieu of his Half Pay as a reduced Ensign in the 39th Regiment of Foot, from 26th August 1761 to 24th December 1772 -

To D®, in lieu of his D® as D® in D®, from 23th of December 1772 to 24th of December 1773

To Messieurs Cox and Mair, for the Pay of Eight additional Surgeon’s Mates to the 50th Regiment of Foot, at Jamaica, from the 10th of March to the 24th of June 1773 -

To Colonel Morrison, for the Pay. of his Two Assistants as Quarter-master General of the Forces, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773 -To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 363 Days Pay as Inspedfcor General of Hospitals, from 23th of December 1772 to 24th of December 1773 - -

To Lieutenant General Harvey, for 365 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, from 25th December 1772 to 24th of December 1773 - -

To John Powell and George John Cooke, Esquires, for the Pay of the Supernumerary Commission Offices of Invalids, from the 25th of D 1772 to the 24th of December 1773 - -

To- Lieutenant General Irwin, Major General Mackay, and Major General Pitt, in Consideration of their Trouble and Expences in reviewing His Majesty’s- Land Forces, during the Year 1773 - *

To Major J°^nMaxwell, being a Balance on his Account

as Assistant Deputy Quarter-master General in the District of Montreal in America, between the 23th of June 1770 and 24th of June^772 -

8 Y

282 — — 216 13 11 93 18 —

*95 7 5

32 12 6

54 — 6

35 " 9

262 18 4

474 —

177 9 —

369 18 6

32 12 6

143 6 —

182 10 —

547 10 —

1,095----

2,270 8 1

2,737 10 —

303 10 2

To

t

724 90 Mali.

Dates of Warrants.

Mar. 18th. To Lieutenant Colonel James Bramham in lieu bf any Extra Pay, on Account of Extraordinary Service which His Majesty has been pleased to employ him on at Dunkirk -

To Major Hayman Rooke for 365 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, from the 25th of December 1772 to 24th December 1773 To George Munro, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, from D® to D®

To Molyneaux Shuldham, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Governor of Newfoundland, from D° to D®

To Major Blaguire, for 120 Days Allowance in lieu of a Light Troop of Dragoons, from the 23th of December 1772 to the 24th of April 1773 -To Colonel Birch, for 245 Days D® in lieu of a D®, from the 25th of April to the 24th of December 1773

404 16 —

273 13 — 182 10 —

547 10 —

93-----

189 17 6

*773-

July 22d.

Mar. 24th.

*774-

May 29th.

*773-

May 21 ft.

6th. June 3d.

10th.

Nov' 8th.

June 12th. 22d.

1774-Jant 2d.

1773* July 1 ft.

8th.

Dec. 20th. July 30th.

*774-Feb. 14th.

To Sir Thomas Mills, Knight, Receiver General of the Province of Quebec, to enable him to carry on Payments for the Public Service of the said

Province ....

To Mr. William Rice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, in full Satisfaction for Work done by them at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, S House, Saint James's, Whitehall, Kensington, and Hampton Court, in the Year 1772

To D°, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, for Work done by them at D® Places in the Year 1773 - -

To Major Allan Macdonald, (or the Pay of a Person to issue the Provisions to the Garrison of Saint John, for the Years 1769,

1770, and 1771 - -

To the Representatives of the late Major General Burton, in Repayment of sundry Law Expences incurred as Governor of Montreal To John Ellis, Esquire, for the Purchase and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the Province of West Florida, from the ift of January 1773 to the ift of January 1774 - -

To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, in full of the like Sum expended by him for the Hire, Victualling, and contingent Disbursements, of a Vessel provided by him for the Defence of the Bar of the River Senegal, from 31st of October 1771 to 31st December 1772 -

To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, Governor of for the Hire, Vic-

tualling, and contingent Disbursements, of a Vessel provided by him for the Defence of the Bar of the River Senegal, from ift of January to 31st of July 1773 ——

To Mefiieurs Ross and Gray, to make good the Deficiency in the Non-effective Fund of the 60th Regiment of Foot ..... To John Blackburn, Merchant, for victualling and maintaining Four Vessels employed on the Lakes Champlain, Erie, Ontario, and Huron, in North America, from the 10th of November 1772 to the 10th of

1773 - -

m

To D' for victualling and maintaining Four Vessels employed on D® Lakes, from 10th May to 10th November 1773 - - .

To Captain Robert Steele, for contingent Disbursements in the Government of Senegambia, between the 22d of September 1771 and the 22d of January 1772. - -

To Whitivell Butler, Esquire, for the Rent of a House at Senegal, for the Use of the Chief Justice there, for One Year, due the 7th of February

1773 - . -; - . r r- ——

To Colonel Faticiit, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from 10th June 1772 to io.th June 1773.

To D° for his contingent Disbursements as D®, from the 10th of June 1773 to the 10th of December following -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, &(. provided by him for the Use of the Forces at Grenada -

To D® for Hospital Bedding, &c. provided by him for the Use of the Forces at Saint Augustine and Dover Castle _ - -

A. 1774,

11,833 8 a

2,000 -- —

2,243 11 1 *

1,705 7 6J

83 2 7

398 *5 ~

315-----

688 — 5

265 3 5 791 14 8

1.600 — —

1.600 -

362 17 8

60 — — -

154 10 — 87 2 6

374 8 5

223 10 8

To

i4 Geo. lit 90 Mali,

Dates of Warrants.

1 773 Aug 1 1 th.

.r774*

Feb. 14th.

«773-

Aug nth.

*774-

Jan. 25th.

1773-

Aug 11 th.

13th.

*773-Sept. 22(1.

OC/' 15th.

AW. 5th.

*774-

7<w*Jr 21ft.

27th. Feb. 14th.

28th.

Mar. 18 th. 23d.

25th.

April 20th.

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for his contingent Expences as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, from 23th of December 1772 to 24th oijune 1773 -

To D° for D° as D°, from 25th June to 24th of December 1773 -

To Colonel Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter-master General of the Forces, from 25th December 1772 to 24th June 1773

To D°, for D° as D®, from 25th June to 24th December 1773

To Lieutenant Colonel Saint Leger, for his contingent Expences as Super-

intendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th of December 1772 to the 24th oijune 1773 -

To Major James Boarder, in full Satisfaction of his Expences incurred in erecting Barracks in the Island of Tobago in the Year 1763

To Messieurs Ross and Gray, towards making good the Deficiency in the Non-effective Fund in the 6th Regiment of Foot -To D% towards making good the D° in the Non-effective Fund of the 60th Regiment of Foot -

To Henry Cort, Esquire, Agent to Lieutenant Colonel Patrick Governor of East Florida, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, from the 29th of August 1773 to the 29th of August 1774 ——

To John Campbell, Esquire, for Pay Bills for Boat Men, tsV. and for Provisions for them belonging to a Scout Boat employed in South Carolina, from the 28th of May 1772 to 27th May 1773 -

To Joshua Steele, Esquire, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of a Balance due to him as Comptroller of Hospitals in the North of England and Germany, in the Years 1744, 1745* and 1746 To Captain Andrew Frazer, for his contingent Expences as Commissary at Dunkirk, in the Year 1773 -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, to reimburse him his travelling Expences incurred in making several Surveys in South Britain, during the Year 1773 ——

To Lieutenant General Harvey, for his contigent Expences as Adjutant General, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773, for the Pay of his Clerks and Assistants, for Stationary Ware, Returns, and Foreign Letters ——

To Thomas Francis, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sum which he hath disbursed for His Majesty’s Service -

To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines and Materials provided by him for the Use of the Forces in England, the West Indies, Africa, and North America, in the Year 1773 -

To John Powell, Esquire, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the like Sum expended by him for the contingent Expences of his Office as Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at Quebec, from 25th of December 1766 to 24th of June 1773 -

To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, and Thomas Hillman, Esquire, to reimburse their Expences for Packing, Freight, Carriage, Insurance, and Charges, in fending Cloathing to the Invalids at sundry Garrisons To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, Governor of Senagambia, in Reimbursement of contingent Expences incurred in that Province between tire ift of April 1771 and 31st December 1772 -

Total -

725

236 18 4

539 l$ 6

295 -

295 10 —

141 9 6

300----

260----

165----

417 5 —

362 12 5

866 17 8

28 10 6

259 5 —

411 2 2

185 14 6

1,995 11 6

364 II IO 156 4 6

3>59*>-----

L288,030 19 si

War Office, 9th May 1774.

Barrington.

Vol. 34-

Ordered,

C~^*rvr\/"

7 26 o° Mail. . 1774.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Beverley, tec. Sir James Penny man presented to the House, according Road?. to Order, a Bfll to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hejjle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Coltinghamin the County of York-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Kitk Ella, through West Ella, and North Cave, to the West End of Howden Road Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter, Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Poor, &c. g;j] to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exeter, for better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raile further Sums of Money, for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ;and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

St. Stephen, Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom (Bristol) ’ the Bill for making commodious Ways and Passages to Burying and near the Parish Church of Saint Stephen, in the Ground, City of Bristol-, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-.veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Oxenton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. and Commdn Fields, Hills, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Meadows, Parcels, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester

Ordered, That Sir William Cod)ington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bade Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom

Canal, &c. the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bade, in the Parish of

in the County of Cornwall, to the Navigable Part of the

River Tamer, in the Parish of Ca/stock, in the said

County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the 14*

Tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church Battersea of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging Church, the Church-yard of the said Parish Church, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act D.fibrd for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common luduiute. Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chaplery of Defford, in the County of Worcester-, and draining and levelling, and also for regulating the flocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Madhouses. for regulating Madhouses; with some Amendments; to w'hich Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewitham Lewifham, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Church. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitzvorlh, Mr. Onflozv, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Shoreditch thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other to Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Nezvington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of die Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the County, of Middlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Alms-houses in Shoreditch, to the Northermost Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road as they shall think fit to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County; and the Petitioners and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, are desirous that Power should be given in the said Bill for watering the said Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, as well as for the lighting and watching the fame, which will be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants: And therefore praying.

That Leave mdy be given to insert proper Clauses in the said Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it js referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Whitworth,

14-Geo. III.

9

Mali.

Whitworth, &c.: And, they are to meet Tomorrow the same to be true ;and that the Parties concerned Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s had given th;eir Consent to the Bill, to th^ Satisfaction Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- of the Committee, (except One Proprietor of Land in pen, and Records.: the Township of of the Yearly.Value of 6x.;

and that the Whole of the Lands, in the said Township,

North Sir Matthew Whits Ridley reported fjom the Com- belonging to Persons interested in: the Inclosure, is of Shields, &c.'anttee, to whom (the' Bill to enlarge the Term and the Yearly Value, of, 278/, ys.): and that the Com-

#R°ad. Powers of an A^njade in the Twenty-second Year of mittee had gone.through the BilJ,;and made fevertd

his-late Mafeliy ICing George^ tjjcjSepond, fqr repaifing Amendments thereunto, which they, had directed hied the Road from North shields, in die County, of Horfh-to report to the House!and he. read the Report-in umber land, to the Town, of Nswfcftleupon Tyne, was his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with committed; If hat the Committee, had examined ..the the Amendments, in at. the Clerk’s Table: Where Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; the Amendments were Once read throughout; and and that the Comrpittee had gone through the Bill, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

ma.de several Amendments thereunto, which they had Question severaliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the

directed him to report to the House; and he read House.

the Report in his Place; and afterward^ delivered the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be Bill,: with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ingrafted.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Titpe, One by One; and, upon Sir Charles , according to Order, reported Supply,

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it by the House. was referred to consider further of the Supply granted

Ordered, That the Bid, with the Amendments, be to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee ingrafted. . had directed him to report to the House; which he

read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Thames Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as

Navigation, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, followeth; viz.

and Commons, of the City of London, in Common That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee That His Majesty be enabled to allow to the Admini-

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had llrator with the Will annexed, or other the 'Personal directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Representative, of Sir Joseph Knight, deceased,

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock,. Part afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where of the Legacy given by the Will of the said Sir Joseph the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Jekyll to his late Majesty King the Second, his

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, to William, Fix, of the Town Clerk’s Office, being exa- be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund, in such mined, said, Tha$ the improving of the Navigation Manner as should be directed by Parliament, together of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, with all Dividends due and to grow due on the said within the Liberties of the City of London, will be of Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and with all Dividends' public Utility.; and he produced a Copy of the Relo- due and unreceived upon the Sum of Ten thousand lutions of the City of London, in Common Council ,af- Pounds Stock, other Part of the said Legacy,

sembled; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of to be applied by him or them for the Benefit of the'

/. 10,000 has been agreed to be laid out for the above Residuary Legatees of the* said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and of Purpose, which is supposed will be sufficient, without his Nephews and Nieces (his next of Kin) living at laying any Toll , or Duty on Persons navigating the re- the Time of his Death, and their several Representa-on: And the Witness laid, that the Powers at present tives.

arc insufficient to complete and improve the said Navi- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-gation. That the Sum of Two thousand Two hundred and

Ordered^ That.. Leave be given to bring in a Bill Ninety Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, paid into jmore effectually to improvetand complete the Naviga- the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the Exc-tion of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, cutors of the Will of Lady Jekyll, deceased, be paid within the Xiberties of the City of London: And that to the Administrator with the Will annexed, or other Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Hopkins, the Lord the Personal llepiefentative, of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll,

Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alder- to be applied, by him or them, for the Benefit of the man Harley, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, Residuary Legatees of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and of and bring in, the fame. his Nephews and Nieces (his next of Kin) living at the

Time of his Death, and their several UepresentatiVes.

Elections: Mr. Hotham presented to the House, according to The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Refi.Vnce Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the First Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

«f Members. Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much agreed to by the House.

of several Acts of the 8th, 10th, and 23d Years of King Ordered, That a Bill be brought , in upon the said Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons ' Resolutions: And that Sir William Dolben, Sir Charles to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Coventry, do prepare,

Persons by whom they are to be chosen: And tlje same and bring in, the fame, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Sir Charles Whitpuorth, according to Order, reported w*yt

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Mean*. A comb Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

nd the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Com- railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Relblu-Holdgate mon Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Commons, and tions which the Committee had directed him to report ncoure. otjjer waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town- to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-ftiips of Acomb and Holdgate, in the County of the wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the City of York, was committed; and to whom the Peti- same were read; and are as followeth; viz. tion of Thomas Lumley, Clerk, was referred; That That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Committee had considered the said Petition; and That a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the.

Vox.. 34- 8 Z Third,

72$ 9° Maii. A. 1774*

Third, intittil&Tj An 'Act- to settle the Trade to

Africa.," forallbwing, during ralimited Time, a Draw-‘backof the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper -Bats imported; arid which Clause was to continue in -Force'for the Term Of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and Which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, -by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anile,- revived and continued; and also a Proviso iftdh© last mentioned-Act contained, that ftp Drawback should be allowed On the Exportation of any Copper, but such os had befen, orftiould bef imported from the East Indies, and the Coast Of Barbary only; and which laid Clause and ProVtfo, by several subsequent Aft§ of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the Fifteenth, Tweiity-sixth, and Thirty-feeond Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were continued until the 24th Day di-June 1774, and from thence to the Rttd of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in -the Thirty-third Year of tire Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, f‘ An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty " Queeri Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until the

2:9thDay of September 1767, and from thence to the End

of the thenf next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was fart her Continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the 29th Day of 1774, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring., and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King the First, intituled, "An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Sea; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward-bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gal->. Ions at the least; and also relating to Certificate Goods watered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the ffeveral Tjmes of the Commencement thereof, and foam thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, wire further continued, from the-Expiration thereof, Until the 29th Day of Se 1774, and' from thence;to the End of tire then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgi the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Maoufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Peppery Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits'brought on ‘their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and-'Colls of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk TVfanfrfactures of this Kingdom, 'and to the taking off several 'Duties on Merchandizes exported; which fvas to continue in Force for Three Years from the z^th Day of March 1772, and' from thence to tfre End of the theft nCkt Session of Parliament; and which; by several subsequent Acts, rfrade irt the Eleventh Year of the Rfeign Of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-feeond Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second', and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Ht£ present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from Thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring^ and fit to be continued. !

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to f< prevent the clandestine Running df Goods, and the " Danger of Infection therefor;, and to prevent Ships " breaking their Quarantine; and so subject Copper Ore " of the Production of the British Plantations so Rich " Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subjectwHidh was to be ip Force for Two Years from the 25th Day of March 1772, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and ‘Vessels fa perform Quarantine) was to have farther Continuanceto the ill Day of June 1747, and from thence so the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his-late Majesty King George the Setond, was intended to be farther continued to the 1 ft'Day of June 1754, but by Mi Hake; the

Year 1747 was inserted therein instead of the said Year 1754; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made inr the Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty1 third Years of the Reign of his said late' Majesty, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was farther continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, i? near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments. ‘ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation of His Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Importation of Mails,. Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Premiums upon Malls, Yards* and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made* in- the Thirteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of his laid* late Majesty’s Reign, was further, continued until the' 25th Day of December 1751, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 25th Day of March 1758; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his said- late Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued

14 Geo. III. Mail729

continued until the 24th Da'y of June 1774, and frcrfti thence to t he End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refitted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

jf-hat an Act,' nude in the'.Third Year of the 'Reign of his late Majesty. intituled,’1* An Act for granting iiiberty. for ftiiVylfigJ Rite froj*n flis/ Majesty’s Province of Carolina, ifi America, ‘dir^ftly. so £nv Part of

" Southward ti'Cttp'i- Fhiijliire,'tn'Shipb bufttih,'tlnd

ft.bolpnging so, Giv<z/ Britain and navigated according

.; Tto. Law ‘ wMcii Was *ib Bt’lnt Force for Five Years,

; from.‘the ,19th. Day of Septefibir and from thftic’e to the End of the then nckt SdSon df Parliamerif;' hficf also, an made in the Eighth Year df tlfedReign of Ills'‘(Sid jjite Majesty, tp continue the (hid Act^frorfi the Expiration thereof, uritil the lifth Day Of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then, next Seffiop of Parliament, and to extend tH&VLifcfefty tb DiSMhj^fty’s Province of JGeorgia, ‘in Americp; Which (hid'Acts/ by l’everal subsecjuent , Acts, nWleih the 'ffi free ntfi herd, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-feVentli/’ arid Thirty-fnird Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and in the SeVefntrt Year of the Reign of ff|s profit mijelfty, Wdfo‘higher continued;, from tli^ ‘Expiration ihetebf, until the' i'oth Day of Sefcthpher, 177,4, and Yrbih’thenfcb'to the Etta v( the then next Session of PirilAment:,'' h hctyr eXpifingJ and fit.to bejContinued.. , ’

Resolved \That it is the Dpirilotidf this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Rbigrt of his, late Majesty King, George the Second, for encouraging, the Growth'p/lvdSeefl^Jhls Majesty’s Plantations i'n America* which, was to dontjiniihin' fWiisi ffofii the 25th Day of 'Mirth until thVajih Dky‘of i}$9> and frdfo' theh'ccj tb tW’ Eftd of the then ne^' Session of Parliament /and whith, by'feve'ral subsequent. Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-lecorid Years of his said late MaJdfty’^ Reign, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, froni the Exftiiatlon thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1774, and ffotti therice tb the End’ of the then next Session of Parliament, fexfcebt such Part thereof as relates^-to. the Importation and: lijcportation of Foreign toffee . into and'Ffoni the British Colonies and Plantations In America, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. "f* 1 ";

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,. That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Revival of " an A'ft, ‘made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King Georgthd First, intituled, An Act for the Free Importation of Cochineal; during’

" the Time therein limited; and also, for the free Importation of Indico /’ which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth,'Twenty-leventli, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the Seventh Year of the Reigrt of His' present Majesty, was further.coritinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be Continued.;

R.efolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year if the Reign, of his late. Majesty King George the Secondj for the more efieftuar securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made ^ail Cloth imported into this Kingdom'; J^id for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Dufy; and for explaining a Dou‘b.f concerning Ships being obliged at their first felting out to Sea to be furnishea with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth; which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by Three subsequent Acts* made Vol. 34.

in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the:24th Day of June 1774, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is iiear expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in I lie Fourth Year of His prefen$ Mij6fty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting, fof " a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and n ififeftly to any Part of Americ'a, to the Southward of

u the said provinces, subject tb the like ‘Duty as is how " paid bn the 'Exportation of Rice, frorii’the said Cqlo-. ffieS tb Places in Europe, situate to the Southward of *‘ Cape Firtifterre /* which Was tb continue in FOrce for Fiye Years, ftom the 24th Day of June 1764, and From " thehce' to the End of the then next Session of Rar* fihihettt; ansi also a Clause in in Act, passed in the Fifth Yeif'of Hii said Majesty’s Reign, which gave Liberty tb export Rice from NorthChrolina, in the same Manner, and 'under the like Entries, Securities, Restrictions,

R^gulaftionis,- Limitations, Dtiities, Penalties,'and Forfeitures, as were enacted by the said Act, made in the Fbhrth 'Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, with respect: io carrying Rice to South Carolina and Georgia,

Which hsive ^ontinuanfce until the 24th Day of June 1774, and from thenbe to the End of the then ndxt Session of Parliament, aTe near expiring, and fit to be conriritfed'.' ’ ’

'Refitted, fhat if i^ the Opinion of this Committee,

Th^t an Act, madh.in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyf intituldd, " An Act for1 extending " 'like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice 'from Eafi ec and West Florida, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre

u iti Eurdpe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament " to Qarylina and Georgia?' which was to continue in Force fibm the First Day of August 1770, until the 2,9th Day bf September and from thehfce to the End of

the theii next Session of Parliament,; and which Act; Was* amended by art Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refitted, That1 it R the’opinion of this Comtpittee,

That an Act, miide id the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prbfent Mdjfefty,' iritituled, " An Act for allowing ‘‘ a Bounty bn the Exportation of RnV^-made Cordage,' ci and fof discontinuing t’ltb Drawbacks upon Foreign " rough Hetnp'eXpoftedwhich wsas to be in Force from the First Day of July F766, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was arn'ended, and further continued for the Term of Thtee Years, is near expiring, and fit to be contibued.

Refitted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That so much bf an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of cfeftain Raw Hides and Skins from.

Ireland znA the'’Br//^ Piantations in which was

to continue in Fdrte for Five Years, from the First Day of JuneT769, arid from thence to the* End of the then

next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to b Continued.,

The said Refblutions being feVg^lly read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House . was moved, That, the iofh, t6th, and Laws , 17th Resoluti6ns, which, upon the 28th Day of April IkpiredDi* last, were reported from the Committee, who were ap- E*ipmng-pointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opihion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and weTe then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And

730 _ o ° Maii, A. 1774.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That lb much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of " Books reprinted abroad, and first caqjposed or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so " 'much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as empowers " the limiting the Prices of Books, which Act was to " continue in Force from the 29th Day of September " 1739, for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the Enc\ of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the " Importation of Books re-printed abroad; and first " comppfed or written and printed in! Great,

" by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twentieth, " Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Yeiars of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Seventh Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, "t fijom the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of Sepfember. i’jj^, and from thence to the End of the " then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and " fit to he continued."

" Resolved, That.so much of an Act, made in the " Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as " relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of " the Customs in America, and for extending the same " to the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force, " from the ift Day of August 1770, for the Term of Two " Years, and from thence to the End of the then next M Session of Parliament: and which, was, by an Act, " made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until " the i ft Day of August ,17.74, and from thence to the " End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near " expiring, and fit to be continued."

" Resolved, Thatan Act, made.in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to prevent the further spreading of the contagious " Disorder among the Horned Cattle; in Great Britain, " which was to continue in Force from the Commence-: " ment thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1771, " and from thence to the End of the then next Session " of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made " in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration " thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1774, and " from thence to the End of the then next Session of ♦‘"Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued."

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions; and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for extending the Provisions of so much of Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relate to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and Naval Officers, in America, to the like Officers in the Island of Newfoundland.

HelUdon A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-tnclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and: - other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Dolben, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Insolvent Order, a Bill for Relief of Iafolvent "Debtors: And the Debtow. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill fie printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the HoUfe Cotton to jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufkaure* to consider of the Repprt which was made from- the ' 1 wn* *' Committee,.to whom the Petition of Richard Arkwright and Company, of Nottingham, Spinners of Cotton, and Manufacturers of British Cotton Stuffs, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order beijrig read accordingly;

The House resolved Itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took, the Chair of the Committee. < f

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to, report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, , TJbatthe Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ... j

Sir 'Thomas Claveringrepprted from the Committee, Durham to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff,' Grand Jury, County and Gentlemen, of the County Palatine of Durham, at the Assizes Holden at the City df Durham, on the Third Day of August 177 3, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter, of Fact contained in the said Petition-; and had directed hjm to reportVState thereof to the House; and he read the Import in his- Place and afterwards delivered it in-at the Clerk*s Table: Where the same was. read; and is as follotoeth i-yiz.

A State of the Matter of lflft.contained in the said Petition* is as follows:

Several Acts, passed in, the Fourth JYear of the Reign of William and Mary, the Sixth and- Seventh of William the Third, the Fifth of Queeh Anne, and the Third Year of King George the First, were read; whereby it appeared.

That certain Rewards were granted on the Apprehen-fion and Conviction of Highwaymen, Clippers, Coiners', and Housebreakers; and that Provision was made in the last mentioned Act of King George the First, for immediately re-paying to the Sheriffs, out of the Revenue of the Crown, all such Rewards as they shall have paid in pursuance of the said Acts. And,

' A Member present informed your Committee, That the Judges who have gone the Northern Circuit, upon being applied to for Certificates of the Conviction of Offenders, in the County Palatine of in Order

to entitle the Apprehenders and ConvictPrs of such Offenders to such Rewards, have always refused to give such Certificates, thinking that the said Acts do not extend to the said County Palatine of Durham, for that the Sheriff of the said County is not appointed by the Crown, but acts by Patent under the Bishop of Durham. Then,

An Opinion given by His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, in Answer to a Reference to them from the Commissioners of the Treasury, was produced to your Committee; which Opinion was. That the said Acts do not apply to the County Palatine of Durham; but that it did not seem unreasonable that the-Provisions of those Acts should be extended to that County. And,

The Member present proceeded to inform Your Committee, That the County of Durham is, in many Instances, become a Place of Resort for desperate Villains; .

3 n°

Bafigny’s

Nat*

Gold Coin*

Luton

to

St. Alban’* ' Roads.

Naturalization

Bill*.

Chancery

Buildings.

Election

of

Members

14 Geo. III. 90 — -xo '‘731

no one chusing to prosecute, for Want of that Encouragement, which, in other Counties, is given to the Apprehenders and Convicters of Offenders.

And a Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Report, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House; and gives His Consent, that Ihe House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing ViSlor Bufig was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Poulett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 13th Day of January last, as relates to the State of the Gold Coin, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wejiwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford, is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, ‘intituled, An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may happen by Bills of Naturalization, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rc-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery j and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, Vol. 34.

intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and to restrain the Partiality,

" and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at " such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, fora District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates arid Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Cotton resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and ^’nen consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the an"f»^«re» Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and ’Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martha 10° die Maii;

Anno 14* Georgii III"1 Regis, 17 74-Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and import*. Merchandize, exported from, or imported into, England, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1772; distinguishing each Place.-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the First Year Member* of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of Refiaence. several Acts of the Eighth, Tenth, and Twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houfo Durham to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Conoty to consider of the Report which was made from the Pollce' Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff,

Grand Jury, and Gentlemen, of the County Palatine of Durham, at the Assizes holden at the City of Durham, on the Third Day of August 1773, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

9 A Sir

732 1C>° A. 1774.

Sir Thomas Claverinj took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, That lie was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Thomas Clavering accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham.

And Sir Thomas Clavering moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palarine of Durham: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Mr. Vane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Acomb An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several and Hold gate Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, lngs, Com-Inclosure. mons> an(j 0t|ier Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Townships of Acomb and Holdgaie, in the County of the City of York:, was read the Third Time.

Refflved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, lngs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town-ships of Acomb and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Westminster A Bill for remedying some Defects in the several Acts Paving. paCed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of as lies between

Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Archibald , &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brickiehampton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the Parish or Township of,

in the County of W, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 44. 1. 30. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to " provided" in Press 45. 1. 8.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the Chapelry or Township of Brickiehampton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the Carlton River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County Bridge, of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal6: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of North Shield* an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Road. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the

Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Rudfton Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, hiclofurr. within the Township of Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Bude Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Parish of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the Naviga- c-ble Part of the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calfock, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calfloke, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Prisonen the Bill for the more effectually securing the Health of Health Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, was re- u‘c*0, committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Finningley Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Giles and for better governing and employing the Poor, and mak- po^Rate*.

3 ' . ing

Garton

inclosure.

Macclesfield

Grammar

School.

Balmbrough,

See.

Exchanges.

Smyth’s

Estate.

Balmbrough, Sec Exchanges.

Smyth’s

Estate.

Graffham

inclosure.

Chancery

Buildings.

14 Geo. III. io® Mail.

733

ing and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Land, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the E.ilt Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School; with l'ome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of certain Lands, in Balmbrougk, Skoeston, and ,in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanckland, in the said County, to aTraft

of disputed Ground lying contiguous to the said Manors; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Walter Smyth, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in the County of Sussex, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Sir James Peachey, Baronet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of certain Lands, in Balmbrougk, Shoefton, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanckland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Walter Smyth, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in the County of Su£'ex, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Sir James Peachey, Baronet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Colonel Barre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of C lancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records,

V01. 34.

Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Longitude. Order, a Bill for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted; and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, pudlishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according Jekyll’s to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to ailo\v the Ad- s<^ea ministrator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased,

£.10,000 South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on £. 10,000 East India Stock; and to apply a certain Sum of Money paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, deceased; and for appropriating the said several Sums to such Purposes as therein is mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presente*d to Money His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to hTued by give Directions that there be laid before this House an Addteffes. Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Madhonfes. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for regulating Madhouses.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9, 1. 29. After " Commissioners" insert, " And " be it further Enacted, That if " any Person shall apply to One of " the Commissioners, in order to " be informed whether any particular Person or Persons have " been confined in any of the said " licensed Houses, and the said " Commissioners shall think it reasonable to permit such Enquiry " to' be made, and shall sign an " Order directed to the Secretary " for that Purpose, he the said " Secretary is hereby required,

" upon the Receipt of such Order,

cc to make Search upon his Papers,

" and

734

a

€t

io° Mail A. 1774.

and if it shall appear, upon such Search, that the Person or Persons so enquired after have been " confined in any of, the said " Houses, the said Secretary shall " immediately acquaint the Person " so applying with the Name of the " Keeper in whose House, and also " the Names of those by whose " Direction and Advice such Person or Persons have been so confined."

Pr. 17, 1. 18. After " Kingdom" insert " And " whereas it is not intended, by " this Act, to give the Keepers of " any House or Houses so to be " licensed as aforesaid, or any other " Person concerned in confining " any of His Majesty’s Subjects " therein, any new Justification, " from their being able to prove " that the Persons so confined " have been sent there by such Direction and Advice as are required by this Act: Be it therefore Declared and Enacted, That " in all Proceedings that shall be / " had under His Majesty’s Writ

" of Habeas , and in all

" Indictments, Informations, and " Actions, that shall be preferred " and brought against any Person " or Persons for confining or ill " treating, any of His Majesty’s " Subjects in any of the said " Houses, the Parties complained " of shall be obliged to justify their " Proceedings according to the " Course of the Common Law, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Shoreditch Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, *° to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Road. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the County of was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present, being examined, laid. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke are

very much incommoded by Dust, and are desirous that Provision should be made in a Bill now depending in this House (for Watching and Lighting the said Parish, and for other Purposes) taimpower the Inhabitants to cause the said Parish to be watered where the same shall be necessary.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint Leonard

Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of ,in the County of

dlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Almshouses in ,to the Northermost

Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road as they shall think fit to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for watering the said Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Sail Ck»tb. ing to Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Rice, cording to Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to ctfrry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Fimfterre; for granting the like Liberty to export

Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America,

Southward of South Carolina and Georgia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Laws cording to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bow-fprits. Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-moAz Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the.

British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Gold Coin, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Confederation the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Gold Coin of this Re^lm has been greatly diminished, by clipping, filing, and other evil Practices, particularly of late Years, in Violation of the Laws of this Realm, and to the great Detriment of the Public; so that the several Pieces of unlawful diminished Gold Coin, which have been received into the Bank at the Mint Price, in pursuance of the Directions from ' the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the Twenty-third Day of July 1773, amounting in Value to the Sum of £.3,418,960. 15 s.4 have been found

' to

y

i.4 Geo. III. 10° Mali.

to be deficient, upon an Average, at least Nine per Cent.

Resolved’, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Part of such of the Gold Coin now remaining in Circulation, as was coined before the Accession of His present Majesty, is deficient in Weight Five Pounds per Centum; and that a Part of so much thereof, as hath been coined during the Reign of His present Majesty, before the First Day of January is

deficient Two and an Half per Centum.

Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee, That it has been a Practice to export and melt down the new and perfect Gold Coin, loon after it is issued, for private Advantage, to the great Detriment of the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That while Pieces of Gold Coin, differing so greatly in Weight, are allowed to be current under the same Denomination, and at the same Rate and Value, great Quantities of the new and perfect Pieces will continue to be exported and melted down; and, there is Reason to apprehend, will be re-coined into Pieces the most deficient that are allowed to be current.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to prevent the.Mischiefs to which the Public are thus exposed, it is proper that all Guineas, weighing less than Five Penny-weights Fight Grains; and all Half Guineas, weighing less than Two Pennyweights Sixteen Grains; and all Quarter Guineas, weighing less than One Pennyweight Eight Grains, be called in, and be re-coined.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, be called in by Degrees; and that it is proper to proceed therein as fail, as the Occasions of Circulation will allow, and as the Officers of the Mint are able to re-coin the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of calling in the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas,' it is proper that certain Days be appointed, after which they shall not be allowed in Payment, or to pass, except only to the Oolleftors and Receivers of the Public Revenues, or to such Persons as shall be appointed by His Majesty to receive and exchange the same; and that certain other Days be appointed, after which they be not allowed to pals in any Payment whatsoever, or to be exchanged in Manner before mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, be re-coined according to the established Standard of the Mint, both as to Weight and Finenels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Public bear the Loss arising from the Deficiency and Re-coinage of the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas; provided such Deficiency does not exceed the Rates settled by the Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the 23d of July I a ft, and provided they be offered in Payment

to the Receivers or Collectors of the Public Revenue, or are brought to such Person or Persons, as shall be authorized to receive and exchange the fame, within the Times to be appointed according to the foregoing Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Methods of Coining hitherto invented, for the Purpose of preventing the unlawful diminishing of the Gold Coin of this Realm, by clipping, filing, and other evil Practices, and the Laws hitherto enacted for the Punishment of those that are guilty thereof, have been found to be ineffectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the only effectual Method of preserving the Gold Coin from being unlawfully diminished, and of preventing the Mischiefs to which the Public is thereby exposed, is, that the said Coin should be current by w eight, as well as by Tale.

; VOL. 34-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the moll convenient Method of making the Gold Coin so current, is, that every Person who shall receive in Payment any Piece or Number of Pieces of such Coin deficient in Weight, shall be entitled- to receive a Commentation for the said Deficiency from the Persontendering the said Coin.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That such Compensation be at the Rate of One Half Guinea for every Sixty-five Grains, and in the like Proportion, as near as conveniently can be, for every Grain under Sixty-five, according to such Table or Tables as His Majesty shall cause to be publiftied, from Time ‘to Time, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That considerable Quantities of the old Silver Coin of this Realm, or Silver Coin purporting to be such, greatly below the Standard of the Mint in Weight, has been lately imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it be made unlawful to import into this Kingdom, or Ireland, from Foreign Countries, any of the Silver Coin of this Realm, or any Silver Coin puporting to be such, that is not of the established Standard of the Mint in Weight and Fineness; and that the fame, if fei2ed, be made subject to Confiscation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for a limited Time, the Silver Coin of this Kingdom be not allowed to be legal Tender in the Payment of any Sum exceeding Fifty Pounds, but according to its Value by Weight, after the Rate of Five Shillings and Two-pence per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be made, under the Direction of the Officers of His Majesty’s Mint, One Weight of a Guinea, and One Weight of a Shilling; and also oilier Weights, being Parts and Multiples of the said Guinea Weight, and Shilling Weight, according to the established Standard of this Realm; which several Weights, after they have been ascertained by the Report of the said Officers, ' and approved by His Majesty in Council, shall be the Standard Weights for regulating and ascertaining all Weights to be made Use of for weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, and shall be lodged in the Custody of an Officer, to be appointed for that Purpose, with a Salary, to be paid out of the Coinage Duties: And any Weights, which shall from thenceforth be rftade use of for weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm, shall not be reputed and taken to be true and perfect, unless they have been first compared with the said Slandard Weights; and, in Testimony thereof, marked by the Officer to whom the Custody of tire said Sfandard Weights shall be intruded.

The laid Resolutions being several I y read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an huirible Addtefs be presented to His Majesty, upon the ift, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, yth, 8th, and 9th,- of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to dravtf up the said Address.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord,

Lord Clate, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in; pursuant to the 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th, of the said Resolutions; and that the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Charles Tozvn/hend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Lord Howe do make the Report Cotton from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Manuf»ftUr«; was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard

y B Arkwrighti

o

° Mal

io

11

A. 1774.

Arkwright and Company, of , Spinners of

Cotton, and Manufacturers of British Cotton Stuffs, was referred.

The Lord Howe accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That a new Manufacture of Stuffs, wholly made of Raw Cotton Wool (chiefly imported from the British Plantations) hath lately been set up within this Kingdom, in which Manufacture many Hundreds of Poor Persons are employed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the (Jfe and Wear of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, ought to be allowed, under proper Regulations.

Resolved, T1 at it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for allowing the Use and Wear of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great , under certain Regulations.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for allowing the Use and Wpar of printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, under certain Regulations: And that the Lord Howe, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr, Plumplre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bufigny’s Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Victor was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tho Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Copy The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Reading of the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, ( oo t eri.) by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors, or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and others, whole Dependance is on the Trade of Bookselling and Printing, residing in the City of Edinburgh, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of April l ift; and all'o, the Petition of sundry Booksellers in London and Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and their Brethren in the Country; and also, the Petition of the Printers and Booksellers of the City and University of Glasgow, which were presented to the House upon the lid Day of April last; and all'o, the Petition of Alexander Donaldson, Bookseller, in Paul's Church

London, which was presented to the House upon the 26 th Day of April last; and all'o, the Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and Bookbinders, of the City of York, which was presented to the 1 louse upon Wednesday last, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and x

examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Natural* tituled, An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may happen by Bills of Naturalization, be read a Second Time upon Yuefday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Eleflkn*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houffe,

Upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An act to explain and amend the Laws touching the " Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in " Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain, called " Scotland-, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate " the Conduct, of Returning Officers at fuel) Elections,’* by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elect ions, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, fora District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magi ft rates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presid ing Borough at aft Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Cotton and resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the tj"un^uurc* Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use. of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, n° die Anno 14® Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

GENERAL Howard reported from the Committee, Grosvenor to whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants or Square Grosvenor Square in the County of Middlesex, to make ^*avinS» and levy a Rate on themselves, for railing Money, effectually to pave, cleanfc, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates or Payments, to which they are now liable for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord- Durham ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for ex- County ecuting the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exche- P°'‘cc-quer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards

Turnpike

Roads*

Easton

Indolure.

Wed more,

&.C.

Ciaming,

14 Geo. III. n° Mail737

wards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the Second Day of this Instant May, was reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, Inhabitants of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder signed; and also, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of ;'

and allb, the Petition of several Persons, being common Carriers, or otherways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, were referred; and who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act " of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for other Purposes;" and to report their Opinion thereupon from Time to Time, to the I Joufe, and which was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Clause in the said Act, whereby

" it is provided and enacted, That no Person shall be " liable to pay Toll at any Toll Gate erected, or to be " erected, across or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, " for any Carriage, Horse, or Beast, which shall only " crols such Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, except over some Bridge erected " at a considerable Expence by the Trustees of such M Turnpike Road, is highly injurious to Persons who " have lent Money Upon the Credit of former Acts of " Parliament, upon the Security of the Tolls thereby " granted, great Part of which arise from certain Cross " Gates and Side Gates, erected in virtue of such for- mer Acts, at certain Places in such Acts particularly " mentioned for that Purpose, and at which Gates " Toils were made payable by the same Acts, although " the Persons paying the same might not pass One hundred Y ards on the Turnpike Road, or over any Bridge " erected thereupon."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An " Act, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of " Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regu-" lating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great le tain, called England; and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the exemping Persons from the Payment of Tolls at any Toll Gate erected actofs or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, before the passing of the said Act: And that Mr. Salt and Mr. Langlois do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Township, Parish, and Liberties, of Eaflon, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within ‘the Township, Parish, and Liberties, of Eaf.cn, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Lord Ludlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining. Three several Moors or Tracts of Waste Ground, called IVedmore, Chur chi and Moor, and Moor,

in the County of Somofitwas read a Second rime.

Vol. 34. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cherries Krneys Tynte, Mr. Maekworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Holprtals and Work-houses within the City and County of the City of Ett-eter, for better employing and maintaining the Poor there ;artd to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually earring the Purposes of the (ai<l Acts into Execution, was read the Third Time.

Ref6lved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. John Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon the 21 ft Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Taylor and James Adam, Esquires, Joint Architects of His Majesty’s Works, in Behalf of the Builders of London and Westminster, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mif-chiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at in the County of Middlesex; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Maekworth be added to the Gentlemen, who ate appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of several Acts of the 8th, 10th, and 23d Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hotham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hotham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His

present

Exeter Poor, &c.

Buildings:

Party

Walls.

Members

Residerter.

Jamaica

Free

Ports.

73$ x to M\\\ 1774,

present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establish- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-. ing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica; without livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was any Amendment: And also, read; and is as followeth;

Offices The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An In the First Place Your Committee read an Act, Employments Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and jesty King George the Second, for purchasing of the.

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have or Collection of Sir and of the

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further one general Repository for the better Reception and Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members more convenient Ule of the said Collections, and of the and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto: And Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be then examined.

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped. Dr. the Principal Librarian, who informed

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time Your Committee, That in pursuance of the Powers to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give fur- vested in the Trustees by the said Act, they had agreed ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and to the following Bye-Laws for regulating the Admissioa file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks of Persons to see the Museum; viz. to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: " That the Museum be kept open at the Hours men-

And also, " tioned below every Day thioughout the Year, except.

Hat, kc. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " Saturday and Sunday in each Week j and likewise ex-Mwufacture. to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of " cept Christmas Day, and One Week after; One Week the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " after Easter Day and (i'hitfunday respectively; Good intituled, "An Act for the more effectual preventing " Friday, and all Days which are now, or shall hereof Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons em- " after be, specially appointed for Thanksgiving or

" ployed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the " Fads by public Authority.

" Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, " That between the Months of September and April,

" Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; " inclusive, from Monday to Friday, inclusive, the ".and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Jour- " Museum be opened from 9 o’Clock in the Morning " neymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of " till 3 in the Afternoon, and likewise at the same " ail Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, " Hours on ‘Tuesday, and in May,

" and for the better Payment of their Wages;" with- " June, July, and August, but on Monday and Friday

out any Amendment: And also, " only from 4 o’Clock to 8 in the Afternoon*.

Insurance The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " during those Four Months, except at the Times, upon Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for pro- " above excepted,

L-ive*. hibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the " That such studious and curious Persons as are Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or " desirous to see the Museum, shall make their Appii-Oeath of the Persons insured; without any Amendment: " cation to the Porter in Writing; which Application

And also, - " shall contain their Names, Condition, and Place of

Turnpike The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " Abode, as also the Day and Hour at which they Roads. Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the " desire to be admitted, and shall be delivered to him Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, " before 9 in the Morning, or between and 8 in the intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " Evening, on some preceding Day; and that the said into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " Names, together with the respective Additions, shall " nowin being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " be entered in a Register to be kept by the Porter*

" that Part of Great Britain, called England; and for " and the Porter shall and is hereby required to lay.

". other Purposesfo far as the same relates to the " such Register every Night before the principal Libra-continuing and granting an additional Term of Five " rian, or in his Absence before the Under Librarian,

Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads; who shall officiate as Secretary for the Time being, without any Amendment: And also, or in his Absence before one of the other Under

Rltington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " Librarians, to the End that the Principal, or such Inclosure. Act; for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common " Under Librarian, may be informed, w hether the Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, " Persons so applying be proper to be admitted, ac-within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Elling- " cording to the Regulations made or to be made by ton, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amend- " the Trustees for that Purpose; and if he shall judge ment: And also, " them proper, he shall direct the Porter to deliver

Hanger’s . The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act " Tickets to them, According to their Request, on Estate. for veiling the Estate of the Honourable William " their applying a Second Time for the said Tickets.

Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, entailed by the " That no more than 15 Tickets be delivered out Will of the Right honourable Gabriel Lord Coleraine, " for each Hour of Admittance; which Tickets, when in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be " brought by the respective Persons therein named, arc fold; and fqr applying the Monies arising by such Sale " to be shewn to the Porter, who is thereupon to direct in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to ".them to a proper Room appointed for their Recep-bp settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire " tion, till their Hour of seeing the Museum be come, the Concurrence of this House. " at which Time they are to deliver their Tickets to

And then the Messengers withdrew. " the proper Officer of the First Department.

" That the said Number of Tickets be delivered for British -. General Conway reported from the Committee, tp " the Admission of Company at the Hours of 9 or x i,

Museum. whom the Report was re-committed, which was made " or x in the Afternoon, and at the Hours of or 6 ia from the Committee, who were appointed to consider " the Afternoon, of those Days in which the Museum of a more convenient Method of admitting Persons to " is to be opened at that Time; and that if Applica-the Sight of the British Museum-, and to report the " tion be made by a greater Number of Persons than fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; " can be accommodated on that Day and Hour which.

That the Committee had further considered the Matter " they had named, the Persons last applying have ' to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions, " Tickets granted them for such other Day and Hour w;hich they had directed him to report to the House; " as will be most convenient for them, provided it be

" within

14 Geo. III. ii

" within Seven Days; a sufficient Number of Tickets " being ordered to be left in the Hands of the Porter " for that Purpose.

" That if any Persons, having obtained Tickets, be " prevented from making use of them, they be desired " to fend them back to the Porter in Time, that other " Persons wanting to see the Museum may not be ex-u eluded.

That Two Hours only be allowed to the several " Companies, for gratifying their Curiosity in viewing " the Museum; and that none of the Company go into " any Room without one of the Officers to attend them.

" That if any Persons are defiroiis of visiting the " Museum more than Once, they may apply for Tickets " in the Manner above-mentioned, at any other Times, " and as often as they please; provided that no One ". Person has Tickets, at the same Time; for more Days " than one."

Dr. Maty then informed your Committee, That at the Time he gave his Evidence, the whole Number of Tickets were engaged for a Week to Come, and Three hundred more Persons were waiting for an Opportunity to see the Museum; that, during last Summer, 2,000 Persons waited at the same Time for Admission, who, if they did all fee it, could not be admitted within Three Months after their Application; that the Institution has existed 20 Years, and there has hot been One vacant Day during that Time; that there are 6 Officers, besides himself, appointed to attend Persons tb fee the Museum, and another to attend the Reading Room, by the Establishment; that, by the Bye-Laws, Two Persons are to attend each Company; and Once in Three Years each under Librarian is obliged to act as Secretary to the Trustees. And being asked, What Inconveniences occurred to him in the present Mode of Admission ? he said. They might be referred to Four Heads; viz. The First with Regard to Persons applying to see the Museum; the Second with Regard to Persons while they are seeing it; the Third to the Officers who shew it; and the 'Fourth to the Houfo itfolf: That, in the first Place, the Number of People who apply every Year to see the , arc so confi-

derable as to cause great Difficulties and Delays tb those who wish to fee it, from a great Number of Persons being obliged to fend every Week, for a considerable Time, before they can be informed when they may have their Tickets, and from several Tickets often remaining useless, the Persons who sent for them being prevented from using them on the Day for which they are made out.

That, in the Second Place, the joining of Companies is often disagreeable, from Persons of different Ranks and Inclinations being admitted at the same Time, and obstructing one another.

That, in the Third Place, it is very disagreeable to the Officer to attend some of the lower kind of People, who, in many Instances, have behaved very improperly to them; that, by the Number of Applications constantly made to the Officers for Tickets, they are reduced to the disagreeable Necessity, either to disoblige, or to be accused of procuring Tickets sooner than they can be had in the usual Mode of obtaining the m; which often lays them under Difficulties, and the Imputation of Partiality.

That, in the Fourth Place, there is no Museum in Europe which is so constantly resorted to as this; no less than 10,000 Persons being admitted every Year, upon an Average; that all other MufeUms in Europe are (hut up some Months every Year, and that Re-eels is very necessary for the Collections; that every Branch of a Collection should be carefully examined at least Once a Year, to fee what Mischief may have been done, and to prevent or check Damages that may be doing by Decay or otherwise; that the Books should be dulled, and, if damp, dried; that -from the conti-Vot. 34.

Mali. 73$

nual Accession of Things, new Arrangements become necessary, which sometimes must be attended with considerable Labour; but from the constant coming of the Companies none of those Works can be done, though at present very necessary; that the only Vacant Day in each Week; is intirely taken up in dulling and cleaning the Rooms, and the Outsides of the Cafes; that the Officers have no Refcefs for their private Affairs, or for the Benefit of their Healths, except such as is allowed by the following Bye-Law; viz.

" That the said Committee have Power to give " Leave of Absence to the Officers, upon Application " from the said Officers, at such Times as they shall " judge proper; provided that such Leave of Absence do not exceed the Space of 30 Days in One Year, " unless the same should appear to be of such Importance as necessarily to require longer Absence; and " that the said Leave be not granted to more than 3 of " all the Officers at one and the same Time; nor to so " many, unless in Cafes of Necessity; it being understood, that there shall always remain One Officer, at " least, in each Department."

That though under the said Bye Law each Officer may obtain from the Trustees Leave of Absence for One Month in a Year, the Attendance falls the heavier on those who remain.

And being asked. What he knew of any Foreign Mufeufns ? he said, At Paris there are Two principal Royal Col left ions, The Lib, and A of

Natural Curiosities at the Jar din; that he Was in-

formed the former has 8 Officers, and the latter 6; that both are open only Two Days in a Week, Two Hours each Day, for the Admission of all Who come, besides which the Officers have a I*ower of‘admitting private Companies at all Times; that there is a Vacation at each of them of Four Months, in the Summer, as the Witness believed, from the Beginning of July to the Beginning of- November; that, besides the Collections above

mentioned, there is a Collection of Antiquities, but not publickly shewn; that, as he believed, the Collections at the Hague, Brujfells, Florence, and almost all Foreign

Museums, have no public Days; but there are Officers who have Salaries for shewing them to such proper Persons as apply, according to their Discretion,

Dr. Solander and the Reverend Mr. Harper confirmed the foregoing Evidence, as far sis Tame to their Knowledge. And,

Dr. Maty, being again examined, was asked. What Salaries the Officers have who shew the British Museum ? he said. The principal Librarian has £. a Year Salary, and £.12for Coals and Candles; that each <jf the Three under Librarians have 106 a Year Salary, and £. 8 for Coals and Candles; that the Three Assistants, and the Keeper of the Reading Room, have £. 50 a Year Salary, and £.6 for Coals and Candles'; that it is absolutely necessary that all the Officers should be Men of liberal Education and Men of Learning, and have considerable Knowledge in the modern as well as the antient Languages.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the chief Inconveniences which attend the present Mode of viewing the British Museum, arise from the Length of Time many Persons are obliged to wait for Admission, on Account of the great Number of Applications constantly made for that Purpose, and the general Admittance of Persons at all Times, Gratis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most probable Method of obviating those Inconveniences will be, by enabling the Trustees to demand and receive Money for the Admission of Persons' to see the said Museum, on certain Days in the Week, some Days and Hours being still allotted for receiving P'ersons Gratis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' 9 C That

4

740

ii° Mali. A. 1774.

That some further Regulations are necessary for the Management and Preservation of the said

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the No«^ap.ain j j6.

0 it passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Hanger’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. fovveiling the Estate of the Honourable William

Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Gabriel Lord . in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leicester Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom Peterborough *0T enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Road. made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wamford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to discontinue the Gate.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to lower the Tolls, and raise them again.

And "the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Chancery Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the U1^s‘ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices, was committed, the Amendments whtch the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making commodious Ways and St. Stepfcea Passages to and near the Parish Church erf" Saint Stephen, (Brirtot) in the City of Bristol; and for enlarging the Buiying Ground belonging to the said Parish, was-read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol; and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning Lo&gitadc* the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the mo rtf effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually securing the Prisone» Health of Prisoners in Gaol, during their Confinement, ia was read the Third Time. Ga"*

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for compelling the Prisoners to work One Hour in a Day at the Ventilators.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder;

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of David Hartley, Esquire, being offered Hartley’* to be presented to the House; c Fir?

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, Secar, T*-acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom.-mends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner has invented a Method of securing Buildings and Ships against Fire, which, he apprehends, will prove of the greatest public Benefit; and that this Method has, by repeated Experiments, been found effectual, in the Judgment of a great Number of Persons who have been present at the making of such Experiments; and that the Petitioner has already expended a considerable Sum of Money in the Prosecution of such Experiments; but, conceiving it to be a Matter of great Importance, that the Efficacy

j

i4 Geo. III. u° — i

of the Method discovered by him should be ascertained as satisfactorily as possible, hopes that, from the Nature of the Undertaking, the House will not deem hitn unworthy of receiving such Assistance from Parliament, as will enable him to make further Experiments relative to the said Discovery; and representing to the Housei that whatever Sum of Money, by Way of assisting the Petitioner in the Prosecution of his Experiments, Parliament shall think proper to grant, it is the Intention of the Petitioner to apply it, according t<? the bed of his Judgment, to the Purpose of defraying the Charge of the Course of Experiments in which he is already engaged, and of such other Experiments as may appear to be calculated for ascertaining the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery, and such as may belt answer to the Public, and for which such Parliamentary Encourage-, ment shall be given.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the -said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine; of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide for the Expence which shall be incurred, in calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin, in pursuance of the Resolutions of this House, of the Tenth Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of "this Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Robinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

£ate A Petition of sundry Proprietors of Lands, and of others, interested in the Islands of 'and Saint

Intereil. Vincent, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for explaining an A«5t, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce " the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," and Setting forth. That the Petitioners Lave been informed, that there is an Intention. to restrain the Interest to be taken on Monies, to be lent on Lands in the India Islands, to Six per Cent, only; and that, however favourable this Re-striction might prove to some Proprietors in the few Islands where the Interest is so fixed, which are in the most advanced State of Cultivation, yet the Petitioners Vov, 34.

I6 Mail. 74!

are persuaded that such Limitation, or any Ihterest less than Eight per Cent, which has been established by their respective Legislatures in the greater Number of Islands, on the unanimous Sense of the Inhabitants, and after the most serious Consideration, would prove of the most pernicious and ruinous Consequences to those Islands where the legal Rate of Interest is fixed at Eight per Cent, many of which are still in an Infant , State of Settlement, and where the Inhabitants are consequently under the more prefiing Want of Assistance and Support: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, to shew why it should not pass into a Law, with any other Limitation of Interest than has been fixed by the several Governors, Councils, and Assemblies, in the respective Islands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ditto, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the- Bill for explaining an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice " to Parliamentary Securities

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 12® die Mali;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Pray ex s.

/I Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to> Worceftef the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ new for the electing of a Knight of the Shire.to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of the Honourable John Ward, now Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warfant to Droitwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ne*v Writ-electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwick, in the County of fVor-cester, in the room of Edward Foley, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Leeds;

Mr.

74?

Mr. Speaker,

Maflkchufet* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bay for the better regulating the Government of the Province Government. MassachuffetsBay, in New England; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Durham A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the County Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Police. Lorcj High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine o f Durhawas read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A. 1774.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the Money ifiuei House, That their Address of Tuesday lad (that His' pursuant to Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions Addicffi:*' that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to continue the feverar Laws therein men- Sail CMN. tioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain -, and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill' be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this. House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

12° Mail.

Colliers, Ordered, That the Bill for altering, explaining, and Coal-bearer*, amending, several Acts of the Parliament of,

(Scotland) respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, be read a ' Second Time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Election of Resolved, That this. House wist, upon Mom-

Members. ing npxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole (Scotland.) House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act* made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, " and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at " such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be. given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election- of a Burgefe to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in eourse to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Macclesfield The House proceeded to take into Confederation the G?a",n?r Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation, of the said School.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr» 26. 1. 29. After mentioned" insert and so " as no such Head Master shall be " displaced, removed, or discharg- ed, without the Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Chester, for " the Time being, signified to the " said Governors ia Writing, under *his Hand."

L 39. Leave out " Gratuity."

Pr. zj. 1. 8. Leave out " Gratuity."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle. do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-shipsv

A Bill to continue the several Laws therein men- Rice, tioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from II is Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape nijlere-, for granting the like Lioerty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly Fo any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of llice from Eafi and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to- a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornings resolve itself into-a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, L»w» relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon E*?1*1*©-the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee-in His Majesty’s Plantations in; to the free-

Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain to the Bounty on the Exportation, of British-made Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was read a.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Way*

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hofham, according to Order, reported from the Member*

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Residence-.2 repealing

14 Geo. III.

repealing an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of several Acts of the Eighth, Tenth, and Twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Turnpike Mr. Salt presented to the House, according to Order, Roads. a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thir-(fiide Gates.) teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act " of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the' exempting Persons from the Payment of Tolls at any Toll Gate erected across, or on the Side of, any Turnpike Road, before the passing the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Turnpike Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Friday last. Roads, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition (Weighing of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Yeomen, In-agues.) habitants of the County of whose Names are

thereunder ligned; and allb, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several Persons, being common Carriers, or otherways employed in carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Turnpike Roads, were referred; and who were instructed to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England j and for other " Purposes;" and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " One Shilling" and inserting the Words " Two Shillings and Sixpence" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " One " Shilling" stand Part of the said Resolution,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, JJr } z6'

Tellers for the Noes, } l8'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to’ by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Penruddock, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. , Mr. Whitworth,

and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 34.

743

An ingrossed Bill from the Lotds, intituled, An Act Palmes* for veiling Part of the Estates late of George Palmes, N»bwn Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Township of Nabourn, otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be foldj and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deCealed} and for other Pur'4 poles therein mentioned, was read a'Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner,

Mr. Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Inhabitants of Grof- Grosvenor. venor Square, in the County of M, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for railing Money, effectually to pave, cleanse, light, water, fence, embellish, and keep in Repair, the said Square; and for discharging them from all Rates or Payments to which they are now liable for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, and embellish, the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That General Hozvard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Rate of next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Intertill mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to " Parliamentary Securities."

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr,

Leeds: ‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hull Port Act for making and establishing public Quays, or and Wharfs, at Kingston upon Hull; for the better securing Harbour.

His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices,

Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port j and for appropriating certains Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ayr Road*. Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein jnentioned, in the County of Ayr \ and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hinckley Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed to in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- gr]j jesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Roads, the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful jand

allb, from Hoo Ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from S wanning ton to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Mel bourn Common, and from Ibjlock to Meafham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney’s House, in the Liberty of OJbaJ-ton, to Chef.'tire'sHoiiJ'e, in the Liberty of Carltonand

allb, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton sLane, to the Coal Fields; and also, the

Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and Afiby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An'

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Hammond

y ]3 Fields, Indof»re.

i2° Mad.

12° M

A. 1774.

'Fields, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Pasture, called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke

Hammond, in the County of Bucks; without any Amend* ment: And also,

Pottoa 'l l16 Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for indoiing the Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

Httrioiwotth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

Milton, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the Tithings of Milton Lilburne, Milton Abbots, and Milton Havering, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts} without any Amendment: And also,

Gee’s Estate* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Thomgumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in,

in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords deljre the Concurrence of this House; And also,

Swinburne’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonbume, in the County of Nerthum-. berland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John

Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

r^nn Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Linen fider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the Maoafa&aic. Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Warren took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George. Warren reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Warren accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to prevent the Exportation, to foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And Sir George Warren moved the House accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to prevent the Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom;

' TTie House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JjJgcH^rrrm' }

!The Lord Beauchamp, 1 Mr. Alderman Saw- > 49. bridge: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir George Warren, Sir Thomas Eger ton, and Sir HarbordHarbord, do prepare, and bring in, the

Odd Bill.

Hie House was moved, that the Order, made upon Laleham Friday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for di- Inclosure, viding’ and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, upon that Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Robinson, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exqpeding Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence which shall be incurred, in calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin, in pursuance of the Resolutions of this House of the Tenth Day of this Instant May.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Hops, that this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent Abuses in the Packing or Bagging of Hops;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Africa* to resolve itfelve into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year erf the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the " Trade to Africa," so far as the same relates to the Election of Committee Men, for the Direction and Management of the African Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gee’s Estate* for veiling tire Manor of Thomgumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Swinburne’* to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge E(late* certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonbume, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and 1 after

745

14 Geo. III. 12* — 130 Mali.

after the Rate, in the Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b* read a Second Time.

St. Nicholas’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Vicarage enable the Vicar of the Parish Church of Saint -

" s' ckolas, in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle

upon Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the Lands belonging to the said Vicarage to William Lowes, Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Hn.i The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Trade, whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering, reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, that this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Fortnight," and inserting the Words " Tuesday next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Words " this " Day Fortnight," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed, that the Words " Tuesday next" be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding the Words, " at Eleven of the Clock."

And the Question being put, that those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 Maii;

Anno 140 Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1774.

Pr AYERS.

Members A N ingrossed Bill for repealing An Act, made in Residence. XX the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, andfo much of several Acts of the 8th, 10th, and 2.3d Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of several Acts of the 8 th, 10th, and 23d Years Vol. 34.

of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

Ordered, That Mr. Hotham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Lekefler, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road oa from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the County of -ompton-, and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton-, and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Office of the Six Chancery Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erect- Buildings, ing Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records,

Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill from Balmbrough the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and efta- bands, blishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmbrough Shoeston, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors, be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be laid aside.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal Balmbrough, of the House, of the 11 th Day of A 1753, in relation &c. to the Bill sent from the Lords, for enabling the fur- Manors* viving Trustees and Executors of John late Earl of Ashburnham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at Bre-therton, in the County of Lancaster pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes, in his Will, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ditto, confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoeston, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators,

to

746 13® Mail. 1774.

to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County; to a Trait ofdifputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors: And that Mr. Ridley and Sir Matthew White Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Swinburne’s Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, Estate. intituled, An Act to enable Sir Swinburne,

Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of E and in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Ait mentioned, be laid alide.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the lame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Bill to be mentioned: And that Sir ’Thomas Clavering, Mr. Vane, and Sir Matthew White Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Polt to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening the Road horn Kirk Ella, through West Ella and North Cave, to the Well End of Hewden Road Lane, was read a Second Time.

Rekfaed, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pennyman, Mr. Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stonehcafe An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Creek for veiling One Moiety of the Bridge built cross Stone-

Bridge. house Creek, near Plymouth the County of Devon,

in Trustees, in Trull to raise a Moiety of the Expences ' of building the fame; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, of the respective Estates devised to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased; and likewise for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and London in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Sir John Molesworth, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rotherham, Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom

Road the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of to the

Turnpike Road at the East End of Park, in

the said County, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Thomas Tdwnjhend, Junior, reported from the Hartley’* Committee, to whom the Petition of David Hartley,

Esquire, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, a State whereof they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'l'able:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows 1

The Petitioner produced a Patent granted to him for his Invention of a Method of securing Buildings and Ships from Fire. And,

Francis Farr and Foljambe, Esquire, Mr. William Hammond, and Mr. William JeJJop, severally informed your Committee, That they had been present at the making Experiments of the Utility of the said Invention, which they described as follows: That thin Iron Plates were placed upon a Frame of Wood, over which were laid some Deal Boards, in the Nature, and of the Thickness, of a common Floor; and over this Model of the Floor, there was suspended a Model of a Ceiling, faced on the under Side with Plates of Iron, over which Plates of Iron and between the Joists, was laid about two Inches Depth of Rubbish, and upon the Top of the Joists was laid another Course of Plate, over which were laid Boards, in the Nature of an upper Floor; and between the Two Models, there was a Space of about a Foot and a Half, which was filled with Faggots and Combustibles, together with Laths nailed to the under Side of the Plates of the Cieling, in order that the Experiment might be as fully tried, and with as intense Heat of Fire, as the Place Would admit.

That all the Combustibles being consumed, they examined the Floor and Ceiling; and that they found the Flooring Boards considerably charr’d, but the Joists underneath not in the least affected; that as to the Ceiling, they found the under Side of the Joists charr’d to about the Eighth of an Inch, without any other Damage done to the fame, and that the upper Floor was not in the least affected: And the Witnesses said. That they thought the said Invention pradicable, and that.it would be of Public Utility.

And several Members present, who had seen the above Experiment, confirmed the Evidence of the said Witnesses.

And Mr. Hammond further informed your Committee,

That he had seen Two Houses built by the Marine Society, armed against Fire by the above Method, as had also a Member present at the Committee.

And Mr. Hartley informed your Committee, That he had expended a considerable Sum of Money in the Prosecution of the said Experiments, and said, That the Efficacy and Utility of the said Discovery, cannot be generally ascertained to the Benefit and Satisfaction of the Public, without fuller and more expensive Experiments:

And he produced a Floor and Ceiling, which had undergone the before mentioned Experiment; and likewise a Paper, containing the Nature and Process of the said Discovery; which Paper is hereunto annexed, N* 1.

APPENDIX, N’l.

An Account of the Method of securing Buildings and Ships against Fire.

The proposed Method of securing Buildings against Fire, is by the Application of thin Iron Plates under the Floors, and to the Ceilings: The Effect of these Fire Plates, depends partly upon their preventing the immediate Access of the Fire itself to the Timbers of the House, and partly upon their flopping the free Supply and Current of Air, without which no Fire can get to any great Height, or make any destructive Progress.

The mechanical Part of the Workmanship in the Application of the Fire Plates to any House, is very Ample, being no more than nailing them to the under Side

of

14 Geo. III. 130 Mail

of the Joists in each Storys in the Manner of a Ceiling, and upon the upper Side of the Joists, before the Floors are laid: A Quantity of dry llubbish of any Kind, should be put over the Ceiling Plates, somewhat in the Nature of a Counter Floor, which will deaden Sound between Floors, and at the same Time still farther stop the Progress of Fire.

The Efficacy of the Fire Plates applied in this Manner, to secure Houses against Fire, is not now a Matter of Speculation, but. of Experience: The Trials which have been made, have not been upon Models only, but upon Buildings erected for the Purpose; and I think I may say. That the proper Application of them would insure any Decree of Security that the same might require, whether it may be for a Magazine* a Merchant’s Warehouse, a Banker’s Shop, or a private Dwelling House; it will likewise make a material Difference in a common Dwelling House, whether the Rooms are to be finished with Stucco, or wainscotted Dado high, or wain-scotted to the Top of the Room, together with a Wooden Cornice: All these Circumstances being taketi into due Consideration, the Preservative against Fire is to be applied in Discretion, according to the Cafe. The Expe- timents which have been made, will justify me to say. That if the Floor be armed with the Fire Plates, any Fire will not penetrate through downwards, and if the Ceilings be properly armed, it will not communicate through to an upper Floor. But in the Course of these Experiments, we are infejifibly led into the Inconsistency of supposing an House thus armed, to be actually on Fire; whereas the Operation of the Fire Plates is to prevent any such House being liable to take Fire. What we have to deal with in the Beginning, is perhaps no more than a small Spark, which with the Addition of Air and Fuel, might in Time become an Hotife on Fire, but which, without the Concurrence of either, must die away. It i s an easier Talk to prevent Fire, than to extinguish it. Let the Beginning of Fire in any House be ever so secret, the preventive Effect of the Fire Plates is con-staritly in Force, as an obftmate unconquerable Negative to its Progress.

I ivery Fire, even the greatest, must arise from small Be§ {innings: A Difference of Reception to the first Pro* gress of the smallest Spark, may decide the whole. A sing ;le Fire Plate under a Crevice in a Floor, or over a Crack in the Ceiling, might have prevented the Fire of Lon don. Prevention, when one has hold of a found and app lying Principle, is not less certain, but, on the contrary, far more secure than any subsequent Remedy. Thi $ is a fundamental Point to keep in View, with respect to t he Fire Plates. In the Experiments which I have mad e, I have always put in an Heap of Faggots and Con lbuftibles to let the Fire going* which is not taking the Power of the Fire Plates to its greatest Advantage of b eing preventive against the Commencement of Fir?; To make an House burn, there must be a Body of Heat coll edted secretly till it comes to burst out all at once. It is known, and reasonably to be presumed* that this Bo dy of Heat cannot any where be collected so secretly, gr idually, and effectually, as under Floors, among the Ti tnbers of an House. This Spurce of F,iie would be ef fedtually prevented by tjic- Armour under the Floor. Ti lis Operation Of the fire Plates is not demonstrable, being a Negative, but to the Eye of Reason it will amount to a Demonstration* that if, the Fire Plates can re lift the Power of Fire, when Faggots and Combustibles h: ive given the Alcendant to its Fury, they will much more easily reGft it in its infant and commencing State. The Armour under the Floor being incombustible, will p Tevent any Fire from dropping through Chinks or Crevices in the Boards, to the Timbers of the House, and lurking the re till it forms a great -Body of Heat, and lourfts out all at once. In common Houses, a Floor on Fire is the House on Fire, but in an House that is armed, as the Floor will not take Fire to make a Body of Heat* liow is the House to be set on Fire ?

Vol. 34.

Hartley’s

Fire

Experiments.

It seems defirabie that a Set of methodical Experiments should be publicly made; in the first Place, to shew the utmost Power of these Fire Plates in thefevereft Trials, and afterwards satisfactorily to reduce the Application of them to practical Purposes. I imagine that the Addition of about Four per Cent, upon the Expences

of Building, would secure an House against the severest Trials. But as no Man builds an House with an Intention to set Fire to a Score of Faggots in any One Room, it is absurd to think it necessary to require Security against such extravagant Suppositions; more especially* as it is probable by pursuing a proper Line of Experiments, that every rational Degree of Security may be provided at an easier Rate, and an equal Quantity of Fire Plates might give Security to a greater Number of Houses, at less Expence to each. We are so accustomed to the frightful Idea of an House on Fire* that it requires some Courage of the Understanding to believe, that an House might be so provided, as that Fire should not be able to make any Progress beyond a certain limited and small Degree. If we had never seen the Effects of Fire in any House beyond the Degree of a Yard or Two square on the Floor, or Part of a Wainscot, without spreading or communicating beyond a single Apartment, it would have been considered as a flight Accident* which a Bafbn. of Water might put an End to, whenever it happened; I am inclined to believe, from the Experiments which I have seen, that Houses might be put into that Degree of Security without the Expence or Trouble of a complete Armour, and this upon the Principle of flopping the Fire in the Beginning; at which Moment it is as easily and certainly to be kept down, as it becomes tremendous, if it once gets the Ascendant.

The Principle in rhilofophy is flri&ly true* that no Fire can subsist without Air; but it does not therefore follow, that it is necessary totally to exclude the Air to effect the sufficient Security of Houses against Fire* Nothing less 1 It is known by constant Experience, that Fire will not bum under a common Boarded Floor to any Effect, till the Crevices begin to open, though there are always Crevices enough to let in such a Quantity of Air as a languishing Fire may just subsist upon; but when the Fire begins to widen the Crevices, acquiring fresh Fuel as well as Air, and when the Plaister of the Ceiling begins to drop, and leaves the Laths bare, like the most combustible Faggotting, to spread the Fire uni-verfally, and when a clear Current Or Air and Fire is opened through the Frame Work of Timbers, Joists, Laths, and Flooring Boards, then it is that the House is, properly speaking, on Fire; but if we have it in our Power to limit the possible Progress of any commencing Fire, so that it cannot open Access for Air beyond a very small Aperture, nor by any Means make a Communication or free Current between Two Stories, the utmost possible Magnitude of the Fireunder such Circumstances can never exceed what a limited Current of Air can supply: Witness every common Fire in a Grate, over Which you have a complete Power, to make it rife or to damp it, in Proportion as it is made to lie hollow, or stifled for want of a sufficient and liberal Currenj of Air. If the Plaister of the Ceiling would not drop, or if the Joints ,in the Floor would not widen> no Fire could gain any destructive Ascendant. With respect to the Fire Plates, they are no more Air-tight than a common Floor, but thqre is this essential Difference, that though there is a Perspiration of Air at every Doubling and Joint of the Plates, yet those Joints will never yield or widen by the Application of Fire, to give a free Current and additional Fuel to the beginning Flame.

Can there be any Construction of Combustibles so advantageously laid for burning, as in the Buildings of an House? The Laths as dry as Tinder undermost, the Timbers and Joists next, with Shavings and Saw Dust frequently between; then the Flooring over all adding Fuel as the Ceiling drops, and as the Edges of the Boards open to admit the Current of Air. Let the Dif-

9 E ference

i 30 MaiU jl* 1774.

Hartley’s

iFire

fcrence of Construction of an armed House be compared with this-, Fire Plates nailed to the under Side of the Experiments. j0jfts instead Df Laths, with an Inch or two of Sand and Chalk between, instead of Saw-dufl and Shavings, and, over all, the Floors secured by Fire Plates against any Possibility of transmitting either Air or Flame, how is it possible, under these Circumstances, that any Materials, let them be ever so combustible, should conquer such Obstacles, and from the slighted Beginning rife, in Spite of them all, to an infinite Fury ? as certainly as Effect and Caui'e can in any same be connected, Fire Will languish till it dies, if oppressed from the Beginning; and nothing but a free Circulation of Air can raise a l’mall Fire to a large one.

After the repeated Trials that have been already made of these Fire Plates, I think it might' be safely laid, that an House armed in the most complete Manner, may be made Proof against any possible Casualty, or even Malice from Fire. Having the refore Pofiession of certain Conditions of Security at a small additional Expence, any subsequent Experiments may be tried and repeated, to ascertain that Degree of Provision which will be sufficient in Reason, in order to retrench needless Expence. This will be according to the same; an House, with a certain Quantity of Wainf-cot, may be secured in one Manner, another in another, and so for less or more; we have but to find out that Provision, which will not be sufficient in any Case, and when that is found out, to go to the next Degree for Safety.

It should seem not unreasonable that such Experiments, being for the Satisfaction of the Public, and to reduce the Price for their Use, should be tried by public Authority. The Expence in such a same would be very inconsiderable as a public Object. The main Question, whether the Fire Plates will secure Houses, may be determined by one House; which, if it cannot be let Fire to by any such Means as can possibly happen in common Life, the Ground Work will be so far decided upon: But when the Question comes to be split, to determine how much is necessary for reasonable Security, such Experiments should be repeatedly tried in the Presence of a Number of proper Persons, to observe and judge, that we may not be led to give up a full Security upon a fallacious Dependance. Unless these Points are ascertained by special Experiments, it might require an endless Term of Years for that Experience to come of itself, especially as every one would be disposed to the lafeft Side, until there were a sufficient Warrantry from actual and repeated Experiments to suit each particular Cafe. Such Trials might be publicly made and attested without Fear or Favour. There being no Doubt of the Efficacy of the Fire Plates at a moderate Expence, the remaining Question is a Point of (Economy; and yet it is not merely the (Economy of saving a few Shillings, where the utmost Expence is so trifling, that is the main ObjeCb The real Necessity is to forecast how we can make the Plates go the farthest; for if the Application of them should in any Measure become general, it would make such Consumption as could not easily be provided for. A Proposal on this Subject is in Agitation with where

the Devastations by Fire are infinitely b'eyond what, they are in this Country; and it would be desirable to have the Manufacture for Exportation encouraged in, our own Country.

This Invention is applicable to Ships as well as Houses; that is to say, to those Parts of Ships where there is the greate.ft Danger of Fire lurking unseen. I do not sufficiently know the Construction of Ships, to express this in proper Terms; but I have had this Opinion from several Gentlemen of the Navy.

Ordered, That the' laid Report be referred to tlte 'Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Consider further of the Supply granted ter His Majesty.

A Bill to explain and atnetid an Act, made in the Turnpikes. Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in- (Sl<Je Gates.) tituled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for othet " Purposes," so far as the same relates to the exempting Persons from the Payment of Tolls at any Toll Gate erected across or on the Side of any Turnpike Road, before the passing the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Salt,

Mr. Langlois, Stc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Com.

Order, a Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Graiii exported r And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Hops, prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops:

And that Mr. Marshdm, Mr. Morton, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, and Sir Charles Farn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Egerton presented to the House, according Cotton to Order, a Bill to prevent the Exportation, to Foreign and

Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Linen

Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was anu a ures received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Westminster Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some De- Paving. fects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner, is committed.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, who Gold Coin, were appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the ift, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th,

8th, and 9th Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the State of the Gold Coin of this Kingdom; That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled,

having in pursuance of Your Majesty’s most gracious Recommendation in Your Speech to Your Parliament, at the Opening of this Session, taken into our most serious Consideration the present State of the Gold Coin of this Realm; and having called for several Accounts, and examined Evidence touching the fame, we find that the Gold Coin of this Realm has been greatly diminished, by clipping, filing, and other evil Practices, particularly of late Years, in Violation of the Laws of this Realm; and it appears to us, that it hath been a Practice to export and melt down the new and perfect,

Coin soon after it has been issued, for private Advantage, to the great Detriment of the Public; and that , the

Durham

County

Police.

14 Geo. III. 13 0 Maii.749

the like Practices will continue, while Pieces, differing Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday greatly in Weight, are current under the same Denomi- Morning next., nation, and at the same Rate and Value; and having with

great Attention deliberated on this important Subject, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bankers, in which the Commerce and Interests of Your Majesty’s Reading of the Bill for miking the Estates of such Subjects are so essentially concerned, and on the Persons as are Bankers only, within the Cities of Meal'ures that ought to be pursued for preventing the London and Westminster, and within a certain Distance Mischiefs to which the Public are thus exposed, we ate thereof, liable to the Payment of their own and Partner-humbly of Opinion, that in the first Place it is proper ship Debts.; and for preventing certain Bankers from that all Guineas weighing less than Five Pennyweights dealing in Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and for Eight Grains, and all Half Guineas weighing less than regulating the Manner of issuing Bankers Promissory Two Pennyweights Sixteen Grains, and all Quarter Notes; and for inflicting further Punishment on Clerks Guineas weighing Id's than One Pennyweight Eight to Bankers, who shall embezzle Money or Effects, be Grains, be called' in and re-coined, according to the now read.

established Standard of the Mint, both as to Weight And the said Order being read accordingly;

and Finenels; and that it is proper, that the said Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, be called upon this Day Two Months, in by Degrees, and as fall as the Occasions of Circulation will allow, and as the Officers of the Mint are able The Lord Beauchamp reported, That he having, ac- Gold Coin, to re-coin the fame; and that the Public do bear the cording to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Loss arising from the Deficiency and Re-coinage of the Conference, the Lords do agree to- a Conference; and said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Quarter Guineas, pro- appoint the fame, presently, in the Painted Chamber, vided such Deficiency does not exceed the Rates settled Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage by the Commissioners of Your Majesty’s Treasury, in the said Conference.

their Order of the Twenty-third of July last, and pro- Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed vided they'be offered in Payment to the Receivers or to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty,

Collectors of the public Revenues, or are brought to upon the rft, 2d, 3d,'4th, 5th, 6th,'7th, 8th, and 9th, such Person or Persons as Your Majesty shall authorize Resolutions, which, upon last, were reported

to receive and exchange the fame, within certain Times from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it to be appointed for that Purpose. was referred to take into Confederation the State of the

We do therefore most-humbly beseech Your Majesty, Gold Coin of this Kingdom, be the Committee to That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to issue manage the said Conference.

Your Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, and there- Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communicated by appoint such Days as to Your Majesty shall teem to the Lords at the said Conference, meet, after which the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and Ordered, That the Names of the Witnesses who were Quarter Guineas, be not allowed in Payment, or to pass, examined before the said Committee, together with the except only to the Collectors and Receivers of the public Paper and Accounts referred to them, be likewise com-Revenues, or to such Persons as Your Majesty shall municated to the Lords at the said Conference,

authorize to receive and exchange the fame; and And the Names of the Managers being called over,

that Your Majesty would appoint certain, other Days they went to the Conference, after which the said Guineas, Half Guineas, and And beiijg returned;

Quarter Guineas, be not allowed to pass in any Pay- The Lord North reported. That the Managers had

ment whatsoever, or to be exchanged in Manner before- been at the Conference with the Lords; and iiad ac-mentioned. quainted their Lordships, That the Commons had agreed

The said Address being read a Second Time, was, upon an Address to be presented to His Majesty, to

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships;

House. and that they had left the said Address, together with

Ordered, That the said Address be communicated to the said Resolutions and the Paper and Accounts, with the Lords, and their Concurrence desired thereto. the Lords.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter respecting the Preservation and The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Maflhchufets Advancement of the Revenue and Commerce of this Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, BaJf Kingdom. An Act for the better regulating the Government of 'j0vernmen

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do go to the the Province of The Bay, in New

Lords, and desire the said Conference. land.

s And the said Amendments were read; and are as

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House followeth; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pr. 6. 1. 36. upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Cdavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vql. 34.

Leave out from the Word " Manual" to the Word " And" in Press 7, Line 20, and instead thereof insert " And whereas by several " Acts of the General Court, " which have been from Time to " Time enacted and passed within the said Province, the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the " several Townships, Districts, " and Precincts, qualified as is " therein expressed, are authorized to all'emble together annually or occasionally, upon " Notice given, in such Manner " as the said Acts direct, for the " Choice of Select Men, Constables, and other Officers, and for

75

i Math

A. 1774.

" for the making ind agreeing upon such necessary Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, for the directing, managing, and ordering, the prudential Affairs of " such Townships, Districts, and 4* Precincts, and for other Purposes."

Pr. 7. h 30. Leave out " Town."

1.32. After " Freeholders" insert " of " any Township, District, or Pre-« cindt."

1. 38. After " the" leave out " Month" artd insert " Months." h 38. After " March" insertif or May."

J» 39. After " Officers" insert " of except " for the Choice of Persons to fill " up the Offices aforesaid, on the " Death or Removal of any of the Persons first elected to such Offices."

Pr. 10. 1. 23. Leave out " separate."

1. 32. Leave out " respectively.’k 1. 34. Leave out " or."

Pr. 12. 1. 1. Leave out " respectively."

Pr. i$. 1, 29. After Court" insert " he."

Pr. 16; J. 8. Leave out from " Lifts" to " which,"

in thfe 12th Line of the same Press.

1. 20; After " greater" leave out " or Jefier." 1. 24; Leave out from " Jury" to " And" in the 26th line of the same Press.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Greenwich ,attended at the

Doof; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Report of the Commissioners or Goverhors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what Money has been received out of the Rents and Profits of the Derwentwater Estate, between the ift December 1772 and the 30th November 1773, and of thei# Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read*

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

In

Greenwich

Hospital.

i4 Geo. III.

75?

if Mail.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the " Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Radcliffe

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at to contract and

agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly Report as followeth.

THERE has been received, between the ift of December 1772 and the 30th of November 1773, out of

Rents and Profits of the Estate; via.

On Account of the Annual Rents - Lead Mines

8,653 11 10,346 8

the

d. 4i

n

£.19,000-----

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building. At the South West Pavision of King s Building.

Turning the Arches to the Cellars, putting up the Stair Cafes, laying Floors, Water Pipes, putting up Chimney Pieces, and paving round the Outside of the Building, amounts to the Sum of -

Repairing the several Buildings of the Hospital, Brewhouse, and Out-Buildings, Repairs in the Wards of the Hospital and Infirmary, Officers Apartments, Brewing Vessels, Sewers, Drains, Water Pipes, Courts, Roads, and other necessary Works, for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of - - - „

£. s. d. 1,693 ~ 10

3,805 7 — £.5,498 7 10

N. B. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents £. s. d.

and Profits of the Estate, between the ift of December 1772 and the 30th November 1773, on Account of Repairs - - - - 367 6 lo

Admiralty, 10th March1774.

By Order of the Commissioners, Jn° Ibbetson.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary Le Bon, Paddington, . Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelfed, in the County of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are, or may be, liable for creating Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law: And the same was received; and redd the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Vo*. 34.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid, by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 24th of March 1773 and the 22d of April 1774, and not provided. for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee....

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please , to receive the same.

9 F Ordered,

Supply.

4

Ways and Means.

Adjournment

Booksellers Copy Rights.

754

13® Mali.

A. 1774.

Ordered, Thai the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again; *

Resolved, That this House will, tipon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted "to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for Relief of Booksellers, and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of '"'ounfel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

SMr. Feilde, 7

Mr. Thomas 26.

Junior: J

for } 34-

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined a Witness in Support of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel and Witness were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be again called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 1 7*

Tellers for U,e Noes} 5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides were accordingly again called in; and the said Witness was further examined.

And then the Counsel for the Bill summed up their Evidence.

And One of the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by way of Reply; -

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising inlhe House thereupon;

A Jvlotion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

;. 1 m*«

1 tors for the Noes, j Mr S&U. BwirJ

- ''' -

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas.j BmU. } 3«-

Tellers for the Noes, } ">

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put>

That this House will, upon Monday Mdrning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

tors for th=Ycas,^;.WL J

! Mr. Attorney General, 1 Mr. Charles James >None.

Fox: j

So it Was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Sail Cloth*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Rice, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre-, for granting the like Liberty to

export Rice from South Carolina and to

any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Law* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncoftomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar,

Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and first compol'ed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of made Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the -Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the.Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

v

i&Mai

14 GEO. III.

Luna?) 16°;

Anno 14* Georgii III'U Regis, 1774.

PftAYERS.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning, and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

_ , _ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

eW£*c> ul^* to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of RoaJ. Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from Elflone Church, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End , in

the said County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment: And also,

St. Aubyjf* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An £<Uce. Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; without any Amendment: And also,

Br*ckM»»mpwn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within, and belonging to, the Chapelry or Township of Bricklehampton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

Rudfton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Rudston, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Eaffon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadpws, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Township, Parish, and Liberties, of Eaflon, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

St. Saviour The Lords have agreed to«the Bill, intituled, An Act (Southwark) for enlarging the present, or providing a new Workhouse, Poor, See. for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way, from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street; and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Blackfryars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Chrifi Church; without any Amendment: And also,

Dkkerdine’* "I'he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable George Dickerdine, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice Fellowe, and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Fellowe, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

Infoiv’ent A Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read a Debtors. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole

House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or: Vol. f%' - 1

753

Clauses, for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes, and for discharging them from their Imprisonment.

Mr. Pennant reported from the Committee, to whom Foxteth the Bill for establishing a new Church, or Chapel, erect- Park ing at Foxteth Park, in the Parish o! Walton, near Liver- ('haPel* pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed;

That the Comriiittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clavering, according to Order, reported Durham from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, tb pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, the Amendments which the- Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Distillers; extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirit^ from Com, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits: And that Mr. and

Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Soap, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Allowance of the Duties on Soap used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and M*ans< to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties now payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties now payable upon printed, painted, stained, and dyed, Stuffs, wholly 'made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- mil tee.

4 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they

had

Swinburne’s

Effete.

Hops.

Shoreditch

to

Endtield

Road.

Holiowell

Inclosure.

754 16° Mali. ^.1774.

had directed him to report, when the House will please A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are to receive the same. thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads therein Morning next. after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, Taking Notice of the Bill to enlace the Term and That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His they may have Leave to fit again. present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- from Beverley to the Ferry at Hejle, and from the Mal-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the House, to consider further of Ways and Means for County of York-, and for repairing and widening the railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. Road from Kirk , through West Ella and North

Caveto the Welt End of Howden Road Lane-, and Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord- 'Setting forth. That the Road from the West End of the ing to Order, a Bill to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, said Lane, to a certain Cut, Drain, or Canal, on a cer-Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, tain Common called Wailing fen, leading towards the within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonbitrne, in the Town of Howden, and also the Road leading from or County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the near the said Gravel Pit at towards Epple-

Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after worth, as far as the said Road from Beverley to the Ferry he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the at Hejle, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effec-Manner, and after the Rate, in the Bill to be men- tually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary tioned: And the same was received; and read the course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provj-First Time. lion may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. widening the said Road, from the West End of the said

Lane, called Howden Road Lane, to the said Cut, Drain,

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to or Canal; and also the said lload, from or near the said Order, a Bill to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling Gravel Pit at leading towards

of Hops: And the same was received; and read the to the said Road leading from Beverley to the said Ferry First Time. at Hejle, under such Regulations as to the House shall

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees for mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint shall appear to them, to the House:

Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the And it is referred to Mr. Sir

Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the County Pennyman, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow of Middlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s between the Almshouses in Shoreditch, to the Northern- Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, most Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and and Records, such Part of the said Road, as they shall think fit, to be

watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^ft Gee’*

Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County, was com- for veiling the Manor of Thorngumbald, and certain Estate. mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Holderness, in and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate and made several Amendments thereunto; which they of Thomas Gee, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; had directed him to report to the House; and he read and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the discharging the Incumbratjces affecting the same Estate j Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Uses, was read a Second Time.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James the House. Pennyman, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ingrafted. Chamber.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, accordr Thame* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ing to Order, a Bill more effectually to improve and Navigation. Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pastures, complete the Navigation of the River Thames, West-Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollo- of London: And the same was received; and read the well, in the Parish of Guilfborough, in the County of First Time.

Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Mr. Alderman presented to the Ffoufe, accord- Cattle

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ing to Order, a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise Driving,

the Committee; and that the Committee had gone from the Driving of Cattle, within the Cities of London (London.&c.)

through thp Bill, and made several Amendments there- and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality: And the

.untq, which they had directed him to report to the same was received: and read: the First Time.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second Time,

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

the^Cferk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Tknberland

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosttie-

were agreed to by the House. and Common Fields, Common Fens, and Waste

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Grounds, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of ingrafted. Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had

5 examined

14 Geo. III.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had / given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Committee (except the OAmer of 11 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed consists of upwards of 2,500 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mads several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with- the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ones and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kimbokon, The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging *' the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's , in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon,- through bolton and Higham Ferrets, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the county of ; and.

fro.n the Pound in Kim.bol, to the Way Pod in Great Cat-worth Field, near Bring Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whqre the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question , severally pur thereupon, were agree*! to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrossed. , .

Smyth’s An ingrossed Bill from the.Lords, intituled, An Act £state. to enable Waller Smyth, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderson, and certain Lands, Tenemepts, and Hereditament's, in the Parish of Biulerton, in-t,hc County of Suffyx, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the lam?, County,. belonging to Sir James Peachey, Baronet, was read x Secopd Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Mr. Drake, he.: And they ate tameef, this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

'; ’ i,

Balmbroogh, Sir Matthew While presented to the House,

&c. according to Order, - a Bill fois confirming and establish-.Kxctunges. ing the Division, Extinction or Right of Iptercommoa, and jExclpnges, of certain Laqtjs, in , Shoe-

ston, and StiUfierlaml, in the County of made betweemthe several Person^ -inteyefted therein 5 and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the relp^Ckivtf, Lords pf_ the Manors of Hexham and Blanchiand, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors: And the same was, received; - and - readTttyeJFirft Time.* .

J 'Resolve^cl, Thaj.thcaBiil be rea<^ a, Second Time.

Rotherham, An Jt^rossed Bill for. enlarging the Teftn and Powers of so of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty'ss relates to the Road from the To.vnof Rotherham, in the County of o

the Turnpike Road at the East End of ‘frankerfley Park, in th^said County, was read the Third Time.

Yon. 34. ....

X *

755

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankerjley , in the said

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Godley whom the Bill for indemnifying the Inn-keepers and T (si"rrey) Victuallers within the Hundred of , in the County niweePeri* of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bi'l, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was T wice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with* the Amendment, be ingrossed.

, C /

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Wilson’j whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, dilate.

An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates late of John Wilson, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale for the Benefit of John , an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, was committed;

That the Committed had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Salt reported frofn the Committee, to whom Turnpike the BUI to explain: and amend an Act, made in the Roads. Thirteenth. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inti- (Side Gates), tuled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England; and for other " Purposes," ,so far as the same relates to the exempting Persons from the Paympnt of Tolls at any Toll Gat£ erected across, or on the Side of, any Turnpike Road, before the passing the said Act, was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ma4e;an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to, report to, the House; and he read the Report in 'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in fit the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was, vl\vice. re^d; and upon the Question ppt thereupon, agrped to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,* wjfti the Amendment, be ingrossed. , . v.,

;^n ingrossed Bill from tt^e Lords, intituled, An Act Hanger’* for vetting the Estate of the honourable William , Estate.

situate. jin the County of Kent, intailed by the Will of thp Right honourable Gabriel hard. Coleraine, in thfe Kingdom cf Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold;

*n^ for applying the Mpnies arising by such Sale in the j G Purchase

16° Mali:

boo ie

16° Maii. A. 1774.

Purchase of other Ijmds and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the- Bill be committed to Mr.

fittart, - Mr. Page, See.: -And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Utends: a Bill to prevent the Exportation, to Foreign Parts,

"nd of Utensils made use of in the Cotton and Linen Ma-Manufacture. nufactures of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be committed to Sir Thorftas Egerton, Sir John Wrctt &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill, to Utensils made use of in the Silk and Woollen Manufactures.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-eight thousand and Thirty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and , Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty,

towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services incurred, between the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, and the Twenty-second Day of April One thousancbSeven hundred and Seventy-four, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to David Hartley, Esquire, towards enabling him to defray the Charge of Experiments, in order to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery of a Method to secure Buildings and Ships from Fire; and that -the same be paid without Fee or Reward.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Bamflaple A Petition of 'fevcfal of the Inhabitants of the Town

Market of Barnjlaplc, in the County of Devon, whose Names are ce‘ thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Town of Bamflaple, for, Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming to them, and their Successors, certain ancient Tolls and Dues; and so'r building a Market Place; and other Pbr-poles therein mentioned 5 and that the Petitioners also observe, by the said Votes, that a further Petition has since been presented to the House, in Opposition to thC said former Petition, in the Names of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parrfh of praying

to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fe-yeral Matters contained in the said former Petition;

and that the Petitioners (who are Tratiefihen inr the 'said Town of Bamflaple’informed, theif Names appear to be subscribed to the said last mentioned Petit forr, which they declare they never signed, not authorized any Person whomsoever so to do, norAny other Petition whatsoever relating tw the said--Application.; and thttt- thetr

Names were so subscribed without their Knowledge, Privity, or Consent: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and proceed therein in such Manner as to them shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa^. mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. C, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nineof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,-be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufl'es, stated the 10th Day of October 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.:

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,'

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they’ had directed him to report, when the House will please1 to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to -fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to- Longitude, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby conftkuted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, andlicensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Dif-coveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That therf had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when ‘the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Kloriiing. I

Ordered, That the Six First Resolutions, which Were private reported from the Committee appointed to consider of Bi.’ls: proper Rules and Regulations to be obfe^ved by Persons ’applying to this House for Private Bifts, hnd ^ich we/e Agreed to by the House, on the 15th- Attd 25th Days of.

April last, and declared to be Standing Orders of thij 'House, be printed. .

The House was moved, that an Act,- made in the

- Thirty-

1

14 Geo. III.

16° Afaii.

757

Debtors Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (3* eo. .) King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Relief cf Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of " their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, " and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon

" Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Discharge of Persons out of Prison, under certain Conditions therein mentioned; and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments, without Leave of the Court, or Courts, wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively: And that Mr.

Mackworth and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster The House being informed that Mr. Box, from the Paving. Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of

ntinster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament,

4 made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Eleventh, Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the i ft Day of December 1772 to the 16th Day of November 1773, both inclusive; also, an Account of all Contrafts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 1 ft Day of December 1772 to the 16th D

ber 1773, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Lfoufe. r

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

; -ft- <

The other Order, of the Day being read, for the House Rights: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

(Booksellers). "Upon the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies From Authors, or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the' 18th Day ef -January 170S, That " the Chairman of the Committee for any Private Bill " do not fit thereupon without Week’s public Notice ." thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly-; .;

A Motion, was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon T/iurfday Scvennight, the -0.6th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laid BH1*

It-passed in the Negative. -:

A Petition of George Sagg, of New gallon, in the County of York, Bookseller, Bookbinder, and Stationer, ADd William Arnell, Bookseller: And also,

A Petition of William Ward and Samuel Booksellers and Printers in Nottingham: And also,

"A "Petition of "John Baines, of Bookseller, and

others: And also, - .

A Petition of John Binds, Griffith Wright, Darnel Smith, and James Bowling, Booksellers, Stationers, and Printers of the Town of , in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of Ely Hargrove, Bookseller and Stationer, Vox,. .34.

Ditto,

of the Town of Knaresborough, in the County of York; " . ‘

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill, for the Relief "of some Booksellers in London and Westminster, by granting them the foie and exclusive Privilege, for a further limited Time, of re-printing Books not protested by, the Act of the 8th of Queen Anne; and that the . Petitioners view this Bill as highly detrimental Jo the Community at large, as well as particularly injurious to, them and all Country Bopkfellets,

Printers, and others, dependant' on those Branches of Business: And therefore praying.

That the Statute of the 8th of Queen Anne, for veiling Copies in Authors, may Hand in full Force, as lately explained by the House of Lords, and be neither’'amended or extended; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by _ Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law.

1

A Message from the Lords, -by Mr. BrovOning and

Mr.- Anguffi:....

Mr. Speaker,:

" The Lords do desire a Conference with the House of Gold Commons Tomorrow, at Two ©’Clock, in the Painted Coin. Chamber, upon the . Subject-matter of the Conference on Friday \aft.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refolded, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Copy That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; \ .

The House divided. (Bookseller,).

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j llJlUatf: } 57- '

Tene.for.h.NoesJ^;} ,6.

So it was resolvtd in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Booksellers, and others, by veiling the Copies of Printed Books In the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors, or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chdirof the Committee.

Mr.. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr.- Whitworth reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him to report,-when the House will pJeafe to receive the same.; r.

Ordered, That-the-Report be received upon Thursday Morning next. '

Ordered, That Mr. Ptiltenty have Leave to make a Inter*/*. Motion, it being near Ekven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday lad, fot the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, to consider further of the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest,

" without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved}

9

V

Durham

County

Police.

Godley (Surrey) Inn-keepers.

758

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i i

Mart is, 170 die Mali;

Anno 14® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

A. 1774.

County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying the Inn-keepers and Victuallers, within the Hundred of in the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale; Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

16° — 170

1

Prayers. - .

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’e Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Croton, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offendenf, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying the Inn-keepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Timberland and Common Fields, Common Fens, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, in the Parish of Timberlanin the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari fh of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lordsfftnd desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. from Exchequer,

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

An Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.-

And then he withdrew.:

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Samuel Dmn, towards defraying the Expences of making a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

To William Botvyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expences of printing 1250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other’Records as His Majesty shall think fit -Samuel Johnson, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the Committee appointed to

enquire into the Nature, State, and1 Condition, of the East India Company - -

William Robinson, Esquire, Secretary of His' Majesty’s Board of Works, towards repairing and enlarging the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench -

Thomas Harley, Esquire, to be by him distfibuted amongst the several Clerks of the East.

India House,1 for their extraordinary Trotlble in attending the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company -

( ' £. to, ioo — —

1 .:

EdvA Wilford.

- , Li ~

Exchequer, the 17th Day

of May,"1 774. - <

Ordered,

5°o-----

2.000 — —

4.000 — — 200 ’ — —

2,40b -

1.000 -

r4 Geo. III. vj°

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Rawnwrth Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to Indofere. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rawmarsh, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had difected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ihgrofied.

Turnpike An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, Read*: made in 'the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s

(Side Gates) jkign> intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws " now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England; and for " other Purposesfo for as the same relates to the exempting Persons from the Payment of Tolls at any ...; Toll Gate erected aerdfs, or oh the Side of any Turn-

pike Road, before the passing the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament^ far reducing into One Ad the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament. '

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do carry the Bill: to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 , - > America.: The Lord North prefen ted to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° i. Copy of a Letter from Governor to

the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 9th March 1774:

Received 13th May; inclosing,

N° 2. Extracts from the Boston Gazettes: And

also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from.Governor to

the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, zift March 1774: Received 13th May 17 74;. inclosing,

N° 4. Copy of the Resolution of the House of Representatives, concurred in by the Council 1 N° 5. Copy of a Message from the House of Representatives to Governor Hutchinftn.

N° 6:. Copy of Governor Hutchinson'% Message to die House of Representatives. 1

Together with a List of the said Papers.

.: . And the said Lift was reach

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers , are preserved. amongst. the other Papers of this Session, . *

Hops. . :ARU1 toprevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, was read a Second Time. .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejhlved, That the Bill be committed to: a Committee of the whole House. .;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. i ... 2 . ..'1

V ' VOL. 34.

Mair.

Sir Henry Hoghtoh reported from the Com mlttfle-,' id Laudable whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Nahfe?! are subscribed, being divers of the Directors, TrtiftWi'/ ' *''

and Members, of tile Laudable Society fof the Benefit of Widows; and also, the Petition of the several1 PeW fons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being divers, of the Directors, Trustees, and Members, of a Society called, " The Laudable Soeiety for; the Betiefit i 6f Widows," on Behalf of themselves, and the tnajor Part of the Members Of the said Society, were referred;

That the Committee had examined-the Matters of the? laid Petitions, and had directed him to-report the fame; together with their Opinion thereupon, to the HoUfe; and he read the Report m hi^ Plate,' and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame’ was read; and is as followeth;

It appears from the Evidence laid before the Committee,’That the State of the Society has been refefred to, and examined by, Mr. Harris> Mathematical Master of ChriJTs Hospital, and Mr. Benjamin Maflter of

the Haberdasher's School, ' Bunhill that Mr.

Harris declared it to be founded on erroneous Principles, and to be in want of Reformation, the Annual Payments of the Members being only- Five Guineas, whereas they ought to have been between Eight' and Nine Pounds; and Mr. Webb was of Opihion, that the Society was able to fulfil its Engagements; That these Opinions were referred to Mr. Horsfall, Of the Ttrhple,

who agreed with Mr. Harris, and that Dbftor curs With:Mr. Harris and- Mr. Horsfall. - '.

That the . State of the Society has been by y*ciiir Committee referred to Doctor Waring^ - Mathematical Professor at Cambridgeand the following Questions

proposed to him; '

1/.1 Whether any, and what, additional Payment^ ought to be made in ready Money; or Annual Payments, or in both, in case of no Reduction of the Annuities ?

id. What ought to bt the Reduction of the Arinui-; ties, in case of no additional Payments ? '

.. 3<L ^What the Proportion will be of each, taken together, as to Reduction1 and Payments ? ':

4 th.If the Annuities and Payments continue. the

farhe,: What further Tithe ought to be given fof 'the Commencement of the several Annuities ?; *

That, 'in Ailfwer to the First, Doctor Waring has said, that he thinks the Plan (hereunto annexed) whicll has been proposed by. the Petitioners for a Dissolution or Reformation of the' Society a proper one for1 new Members, but he allows that same Advantages taa£‘ be expedited from the) Marriage of the Widows Annuitants, which may operate in feme Degree^ to favour the prefewt Establishment. r; '

That, as to the'Sefcond, he thinks the Annuities Thotiiid be reduced in the Proportion of 8 to ^y wish a like Re-1 servation as to the Advantages to be expeifted from thfc

Marriage of Widows. ’And, ' ' 1

That to the 3d and 4th QuestidnS Doctor not given any positive Arifwer, and declines making any further Calculations. ' *

Upon which Information your Committee came; to the following Resolutions; - -

i.; Resolved, That it appears to tbii’Gotrimittei,-T?iit

the Laudable Sociefy for the Benefit Of Widows^ was institoted for useful Purposes. ' j ' " -1 - -.-'v

Resolved, That it appears <lo this Committee, '1^iat the Sodety cannot make good itsEngXgetnentS'witRout a Reformation of its Plan.: -’ -I

o;i; Jr.c'1 A

’ -v , 1 1 ‘ ‘ *

. . That eachof the present Menibefc shall pay -AfihudHy to the Society Six Guineas, by Half-yearly1 Paymen&S, instead of Five.

Such Members as refuse to make the said Payrrient i1' -shill have 8s.^6d.In:.the Potind returned to-them,

9 11 which

17* Man. A. i^74i

;. w^ich appears to be the utmost that the Fund canafford, turn^Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, fiaf the Money they have already paid to the Society, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollmuell, in ' 1 and shall be no longer considered as Membefs, the Parish of in the County of Northamp- >

;,^»efy. new Me (Tiber, to pay Five Guineas Year, the ton, was read the Third Time.

firit Half-yearly Payment to commence on the Lady or Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Michaelmas Days next ensuing hisAdmission. ..... be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Each new Member, besides the above Admission Fine, Common Fields, Common Heath, Common rafturis, to pay. One Guinea and a Half Fine for every Year that Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, df his Age exceeds that of his Wife, provided such Mem- and within the Hamlet and Liberties of in the

ber, at the Time of his Admission, be under the Age Parish of in the County of Northampton.

of 40, and the Exqefs be no more than Three Years; , That Sir Dolben do carry the Bill t*

if above Three Years, Two Guineas, for each Year. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Each new Member, above the Ageof 40 at the Tune:

of Admission* to pay Two Guineas for every. Year he is A Bill to enable His Majesty to allow the Ad mint- Jekyffii older than hi? Wife, provided the Excess be no more strator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal than Three Years; if more than Three Years, a Guineas Representative, of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceasedi, and (for each. Year*. .-.J 0,000 Stock, Part of a Legacy given by

: The Widow of each Member shall, during her Widow- him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive hood, be entitled to an Annuity, payable Half-yeady, the Dividends due thereon; as also on £.to, ooooErf as follows; viz,. ..... India Stock; and to apply a certain Sum of Money paid

Year , . Day £. into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady An*

1 — 1 , — 5 deceased; and for appropriating the said several

j 3 - — 1 . — 10 Sums to such Purposes as therein is mentioned, was read

,5 . — 1 ' — 15 . a Second Time.

8 — 1 — 20 Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

/ 11 k — i — 25 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

1$ . — 1 — 30 of the whole House.

That the present Widows shall receive their present Refohed, That this House will, upon -

Annuities during their Widowhood. venmght, the 26th Day of this Instant May, resolve

The said Resolutions being sevendly read a Second itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Time*, were, upon the Quemon fevtrally put there- laid Bill. "

upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Rdfin*. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt s^thsExcise. resolve itself into a Comqlittee of the whole House, to of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April consider of the Duties now payable upon the Impbrta- 1774, on the Two-seventh& Exafe, granted by an Act tion of Great Raisins, 01 Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign

of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary,

Silver Coin.. Mr. Jenkinfou, presented to the House, according to after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances Order, a Bill to prohibit the Importation of light Silver thereupon, for the' Half-year then ended.

Coin, and to retrain the Tender thereof beyond a cer- . . !

tain Sum: And the same was received. Ordered, That there be laid before this House/ an Exchequers

Account of the Mooies remaining in the Receipt of the Rice* Gold Coin. . The Time being come, for the Conference with the Exchequer, arisenby the Duties on Rice exported,; the Lords; Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and

Ordered, That the Managers who managed thd last Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His . Conference do manage this Conference. < !j present Majesty’s Reign; and also of such Imprest

And the Names of the Managers were called Over i Monies as remain thkre for the Dispohtion of Par-and they went to the Conference. liament. . ‘

And being returned i , '

The Lord North, reported. That the Managers had Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer-met the Lords, ,at a. Conferencewhich was managed. Account of Monies paid into the Receipt of the Ex- Milita. on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the chequer, in pursuance of Two :Acts, made in the Council} who acquainted them, that the Lords had Second and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present ta^en into Cpiffidieration the Addrefe of this House, Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several also the Ifofolutjpns, Paper, and Accounts,: relating Counties in England and Wales that have not raised the to the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, CoimmunUtated to Militia.

their Lqrdlbipy at a.Conference.; and had agreed tpthe: . > .

laid Aridress, and filled up the Blank with. " Lords The House being informed that Mr. Rome, from the a Spiritual and Temporal andand had returned the Comiitiffidners of the Customs in Scot hard, attended at foidrfe?£i£} Papers:; 1 the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bbr, presented Silver Coin. Then the Biti to prohibit the Importation of light to the House, pursuant to their Orders, -v . j

Si)ver Coin, and to restrain the Tender thereof bcybnd An Account of the Quantity of Rr//ij^-made 'Sail Sail-Cloth, ascertain Sum* was read the First Time. Cloth exported to Ireland from Scotland, ftom Christmas

Resolved, That the Bill be read: a Second Time.: 1755 to Christmas 1773, with the Amount of the Boun-

+. That the said Bill be now read a Second T£me. ties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Th^said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. t An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Sail Ditt*,. Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Cloth imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1750 to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Christmas 1773; distinguishing the Quantities imported of the whole Hflufet j in each Year. i.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* v And then he withdrew, resolvejitself jintOaConimittee of the whole House, And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, upap the said Bill. , I > Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hoilowell ,.. An ingtpfled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open The:skid Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Inclosure. j^jijCpmgioq Fiftlda, Cotumon Heath, Common Paf. Papers of this Session. u.

*: , \; . i Ordered,

‘ 14 Geo. III. 17* Matt. 761

*P- Ordered, That the Order of the'Da/, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Allowance, of the Duties on Soap nfed in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itfeli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Lewiiham Sir Charles Famaby reported from the Committee,

u*re*u to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Commitfte had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the . Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to , by the House.

Ordered, That the BiH; with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

epfJy. Sir Charles Whitworth, according tp Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had direCUd him tp report. to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read'; ttd ane as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sam, not exceeding. Forty-three thousand Sit hundred and Forty-five Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of /the fame, to make gopd the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, of the Fund eftafrliffred for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, toward; the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, TJhat a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thpufimd Pounds, be granted to His; Majesty, to bp employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting,. the Fqrts Jand, Set-

tlements on (the Coast of African .>;'

The said Refutations being severally read*, a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ., >

Wy* and Sir Charles WhfHvorth, according itp Order, reported from. the Committee of the whpje House,* to whom - it w{B referred to consider further ;of Ways and Means for raising-thf: Supply gratae A to His Majesty, the Refutation* which the: Committee had directed him to report , to the Hobfe.; which be rea^ - io this Plaqe $ and afterwards...delivered, in at the- Clock’s Table: Where the same were read; and.aft fcsfol-Imfeth; viz. ., .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee) That, toward* railing! the Supply granted to , His Majesty. the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be Caifed, by Loan* or Exchequer

,..Y.Oi*-34*

Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and fugh Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on o.r before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer , Bill* haYe . usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Yard, and no more, be paid for all printed, painted, stained, and dyed, Stufts, wholly made of Raw Cotton Wool, and manufactured in Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Sefcond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Whitworth,

the Lord North, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Charles the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr- Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are. appointed to prepare, and bring in, a BUI for allowing the Use and Wear of printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, under certain Regulations, That they do make Provision in the said. Bill for ascertaining the Duty upon the said Stuffs, pursuant to the last -Refotation.

The i<ord Howe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Dut y oaprinted, painted, stained, or dyed. Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain-, and tar allowing the Use ;and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations: Aim! the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

The Lord; Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act tar annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland no " the Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction " to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish -f>a Method of managing the tame, lnd applying the ", Rents ffnd Profits thereof for the better civilizing and *; improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future," so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the Bid Estates, was committed; That the Committed had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read-the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regu* * late the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported, was read a Second Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be'Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be corhmitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the taid Bill:

;:The Hnufe’was moved, That an Act, made in the 12th Yedf of the Reign of his late. Majesty King George

the

Cotton Stuffs, &c.

Forfeited

Effete*

( Scotland. )F

Com,

bounty Rat* AS.

*]6z i y6 Mali.A. 1774.

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the mote easy " assessing, collecting, and levying, of County' Rates, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

County Halls The House was also moved, That an Act, made in and the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Shlrehouses. tituled, " An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, " in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective " Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, " County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Afsizes or Grand Sessions are usually held," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the building and repairing of Public Bridges, and to the rebuilding of County Halls or Shire Houses.

Laws Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking -off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Mans, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed; id Great Britain-, to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-mz&c Cordage; to the firee Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America -, and to the preventing the spreading of the Cont&gidUs Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction. to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause; to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the , Improvement of His Majest/s Revenues of Customs, Exrife, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs, to.subsequeijt Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left-the Chair.: /

Sir Char let. Whit worth took the Chair of the Committee. . _ .: ::

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. . .1 .:

' Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receiver the feme..; \ .

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

y.-s

Rice. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot* the Hqufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpule, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws theftift-mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, ia America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; for granting the like Liberty to export 3 Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to :Any -- Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces.;

for granting the like Liberty in the'Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward' of South Carolina and Georgia, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

'That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angiiijhi

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords hive agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exeter to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, ^0<M» kc‘ for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; without, any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled) An Bade Act for making & navigable Cut, or Canal; from the Port Cana!, &c. or Harbour of Rude, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calstoke, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Battersea for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea, in the Clmrch* County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Church Yird of the said Parish Church; without any Amendrtient:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the BH1, intituled, An Act for continuing, altering, and amending,-an Act, made and passed In the Twenty-lfxth Yeai*lor the Reign of his tafe Majesty King Geftge the Second, intituled, "An Act to -for repairing and Widening several Roads leading from the TOwrt of Bewdleyi in the County of Worcester, to " the several Places therein mentioned, in the Coimtift " of Worcester And.'- Salop respectively; without any Amendment: And'also,

i The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oxentoa for dividing and inclosing the Open1 And Common ladofare. Fields, Hills, Meadows, Pastures, Lot Grounds, and -Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Okentori, jrt the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment i And also, >' ! ’/ "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Acomband Act for-dividing arid: inclosing several Open Common Holdgate Fields, Common PaftuWs, Ings, Commons, and other Inclosure* Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Yownships -of 'AcombuhdiHoldgate, in the County of the City of; without any Amendment. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.;

Mr. Machwo'rth prefen ted to' the House,’according to Turnpike Order,*a Bill fdr1 explaining and altering An Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, gn^n intitule'd, 4 An Act to, explain,<anfehdi and reduce into ®UICS"

to. One* Act of Parliament; the general Laws ndw in " being; for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part " of Qreut Britain edited England othet'Purposes^*-feffar as the feme relaths'to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Nuittber of’Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; aiKf for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes:

Aug the &me was receivedand read the First Time.

.Resolved,

Building*: t*a;ty Walls.

Longitude.

Natur.1iz.tiOD

Bills.

Linen

Trade.

Elections.

(Scotland.)

14 Geo. III.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually pre=-venting Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the

Parishes, Precincts and Places, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le , Paddington, Saint Panrras, and Saint Luke at in the County of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are, or may be, liable for erecting Buildings, within the Limits ajforesaid, contrary to Law, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Repeal o( all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the eonftructing, printing^ publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a ^lethod for finding the lame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout! and then a Second Time, One by One; and Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

763

" in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called *{ Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate " the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presid ing Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sail Clotla to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurity 18° Maii;

Anno 140 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

17° — 18° Maii.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may " happen by Bills of Naturalization," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committedi

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon 'Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire further into the present State of the-Linen Trade in Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The' House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Clavering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching " the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons

PraYer$.

THE House being informed that Mr. from Exchequer

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was Accounts, called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1774, on the Two-seventiis Excise., granted by an Act or Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half-year then ended:

And also.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and also of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament:

And also.

An Account of the Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Second and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several Counties in England and Wales that have not raised the Militia.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

VOL. 34.

91 To

A. 1774.

764 18° Matt.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1774, on the ^ths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances there-tipost, for the Half-year then ended.

Cash remaining in the Exchequer the cth Day of April 1774 -The Charge for the Half-year then etaded -

Surplus of the Half-year's Produce, carried to the Aggregate Fund, pursuant to the Act of the ift of George the First -

9>531 *5 11 8,806 7 nf

£ d.

41,9;-5 *5 9*

*8,338 3 11

Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1774, after satisfying the several,) , }

Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half-year then ended - - - -,) 23> 37 11 10 *

Exchequer, the 18 th Day of May 1774. Edit/ Wilford.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arilen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and also of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament.

Jk.

THE Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and also of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament, amount to the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence; viz.

Duties on Rice exported - -- -- - -- 7,79.8 17 9 £

Duties on Apples - - - - 21 16 , ,9

Duties on Cambricks, Sugars, ise. - - - - 1,2.57 7^ — *

Imprest Money repaid by John Drummond, Esquire, on Account of Sir Samuel Fludyer,

'Baronet - - - - a - - - -11,159 3 8

£.20,237 5 3

"Exchequer, the 18 th Day of May 1774* Edit/ .

To

i4 Geo. Ill

18° Mail.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Second and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several Counties in England and Wales, that have not raised the Militia.

The Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, amount to the Sum of The Monies paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, amount to the Sum of

£ s- * 16,746 5 3

13,815 4 —

£ 3°>561 9 3

Exchequer, the 18th

Day of May 1774. Wilford.

Hallidon Mr. Knightley reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Quebec The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rernment. making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hpufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cotton A Bill for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, Stuff* stained, or dyed. Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great; and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Beverley, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are &c. thereunder written, on the Behalf of themselves and Road«. others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and

Vol. 34.

read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the Term

and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Mal-

ton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening the

Road from Kirk Ella, through W Ella, and North

Cave, to the West End of Howdeu Road Lane; and

Setting forth, That the Post Road from the West End

of the Church Yard at Kirk Ella aforesaid, as far as

Ragwell, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be

effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary

Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision

may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening

the said Post Road, from the West End of the Church

Yard of Kirk Ella aforesaid, to Ragwell, under such

Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads therein-after mentioned, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Harbord Harbord presented to the House, accord* Hawker* and ing to Order, a Bill for the better regulating of Hawkers Pedlar* and Pedlars; and for remedying the Inconveniences arising from itinerant Traders and others, disposing tff Wares and Merchandizes by Auction: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hop*.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Frauds in the buying and ^felling of Hops, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks reported from the Committee, That 2 they

1

766 l8* Mali. A. 1774.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mofning.

Shoreditch An ingrossed Bill for impowering the Trustees for re- pairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint Leonard Road* Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause such Part of the said Road as lies between the Almshouses in Shoreditch, to the Northernmost Part of Tottenham, to be lighted and watched, and such Part of the said Road as they shall think fit to be watered; and for lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from The Stones End, in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the farthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause Part of the said Road to be lighted, watched, and watered; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Watchand w^lom die Bill for the better Regulation of the Night-

Beadles. ly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rice. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and Wefi Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of SouTi Carolina and Georgia, was committed, the Amendments which the Cotfimittee had made to the Bill j and which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place> and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Soap. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Allowance of the Duties on Soap used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures-, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in, his Place; and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be paid or allowed to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, so much only of the £>uties on Soap imported, and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, as are now paid for Soap made in this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, DiltiBew. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every kind of Distiller and for the morel effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House County to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much Two Acts of Parliament, shirehoufa# the One made in in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *

" An Act for the more easy and speedy aftefling, collecting, and levying, of County Rate9and the other made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices " of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their " respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the " Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held," as relates to the building and repairing of Public Bridges, and to the rebuilding of County Halls, or Shire Halls, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Vane accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses.

And Mr. Vane moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses: And that Mr. Vane,

Sir James Lowther, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coff*c. Account of Coffee imported and exported into and from Great Britain, and of the Customs and Excite separately paid thereon, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1773 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and Foreign Coffee from Coffee of the Plantations;

and also from and to what Places the same have been imported and exported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, M An Act to

" regulate

JPoxteth

Park

Chapel.

Great

Raisins.

14 Geo. III.

i8° M

" regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House felolved i^felt intq the said Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair. /

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

and embellish, the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Stephen ..for making commodious Waysrand Passages, withinftEe Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of BriJIol; and for

enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for.executing the Offic&of

Burying

Ground.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord ’ ’ . ’ ’’ " ’ ’ ‘ High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of

the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in ,the County Palat jne of Durham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard , Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-

Durham

County

Police.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Rep6rt be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 'with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Sterne’s

Eilat*.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; meots, in the Cqunty of , therein comprized; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a‘ Bill, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to raile Money, by Sale of certain Estates of: John Smith, and James Smith, his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incual-

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel, erecting at Foxtelh Park, in the Parish of Wal- brahees, and other Purposes therein expressed; to which; ton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatin, eof Laiicaster, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: was read the Third Time. And also,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to be. An Act for establishing a new Church. or Chapel, enable the Mailer and Scholars of College, in the

erecting at Foxieth Park, in the Parish of ‘Walton, near University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant do carry the Bill to the said College, ini the Counties of Salop and Radnor, to

Smith’s

Estate.

Baliol

College

Estates.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

William Pearce Hall and John Wood house, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sterne’s for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale E1*ate’ and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands, and Here- .

Address to the King.

Chancery

Buildings.

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they ditaments, in the County of York, therein comprized, had directed him to report, when the House will please was read the First Time.

to receive the same. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Mr. Anguish: Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ,in the

Mr, Speaker, West Riding of the County of York; which Bill was

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the That His Majesty has been pleased to appoint To- same had been committed;

Rawmarsh

Inclosure.

Grosvenor

Square

Faving.

morrow, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, to be attended, with the Addressof both Houses, ait His Palace of Saint James'%; and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the House may do therein as they shall think fit. for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water,

Vol. 34. 9 K

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that

Mr. Robinson prefen ted to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Ckelfea Hospital Balances, due chelffa " since the 24th December 1769, on Twelve Pence Hospital. " Deductions."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

BALANCES

Rawroarsh

Inclosure,

Quebec

Government.

Silver Coin*

18° Mail. A. 1774.

BALANCES remaining in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chtlfed Hospital, on Account

of the Deduction of 12 in the Pound.

For the Year ended 24th December 1770

1771

1772 *773

John Wilton,

17th June 1774.

4,064 9 1 \

4,227 15 6i -/ - 4*146 18 si

- 4,060 17 2 £

£.16,500 — 4

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-ih’on Fields, Common Itigs, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the

West Hiding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Mefrie Inclosures, Commons^ or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Edward Richardson, of Pimlico, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, was offered to be presented to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the Fifth Day of April 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the Tenth Day of October 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of April 1774, and the Part remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the First of July 1765, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in 1766, which was presented to the House upon the Tenth Day of April 1767, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18th Day of July 1767, which was presented to the House upon the Fifth Day of February 1768, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the general Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Ckaribbee Islands, in the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, which was presented to the House upon the Tenth Day of April 1770, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes, taken before the Declaration of War, which was presented to the House upon the Seventh Day of March 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands 8 " in

1

14 Geo. III. i8° — 190 Mail. 7^9

" in Dominica,9th April 1770," which was presented

to the House upon the 16th Day of 1772, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1774, on the Two-sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half-year then ended, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Second and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several Counties in England and Wales that have not raised the Militia, be referred to the said Committee. *

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign-; and also of such Itnpreft Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said " Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Chelsea Hospital Balances, due since the 24th December 1769, on " Twelve Pence Deductions," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will.please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Expiring Ordered, That the' Report from the Committee of

Laws. the wh0ie House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and' preventingi Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off . several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the fjee Importation of certain Raw Hides

Vol. 34.

and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Homed Cattle in Great Britain, was committed, be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant May.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 dieMaii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Importation of silver Coin.

light Silver Coin, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain so much of an Act, made Com. in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn, and Grain exported.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do early the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and en- Kimboltcm, larging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the &<=. Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for re- Road*-pairing the Road from the North End of Brown's in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in Great Cat worth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane, and the South End thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon', and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Ludlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

770 i9

Lewifham An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Church. Parjfh of Lewijkam, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewifham, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Farnaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Palmes’ Colonel Saint Leger reported from the Committee, to £ftaie* whom the ingross'cd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Fart of the Estates late of George Esquire, deceased, in the Lordship or Township of bourn otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trullees, to be sold, and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their-Consent to the Bill, to the Satfsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hotife, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ’ -

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass. r

Orderedj'Yimt Colonel Leger do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed to -the fame, without any Amendment.

Hops. Sir Charles Cocks, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, was ^committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and: afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exchequer Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord- Bills. ing to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

DilUllers. Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect to the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beverley Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names

HRoads&C are thereunder written, on the Behalf of themselves and 03 s’ others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, on the Behalf of themselves and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, were l'everally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

fail. A. 1774.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Eveiingham, being examined, laid,

That- the Road leading from the West End of How den Road Lane, to a Canal on Wallingfen, in the Road to Howden, and from or near the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, towards Eppleworth, as far as the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hefsle, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Evcringham also informed your Committee, That he knows the Poll Road from the West End of Kirk Ella Church Yard, to Ragwell, which is likewise in a ruittdus Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Comfrcitteft to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers tif an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley ', to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening the Road from Kirk Ella, through West Ella and North Cave, to the West End of Road Lane, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Post Road from Kirk Ella Church Yard to Ragwell, and also the Road from the West End of Howden Road Lane, to a Canal on Wallingfen, in the Road to Howden, and from or near the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, to the Beverley and Hefsle Ferry Road.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Great from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Raisins. was referred to considerof the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty, according to the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, now payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That instead and in lieu of the Duty payable according to the said Rate, all Great Raisins imported into this Kingdom shall be rated to, and pay, the old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to the Rate and Value of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr.

Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dickerdme's to enable George Dickerdine, Esquire, and his Heirs, to Name, take and use the Name and Surname of and to bear the Arms of Fellozve, pursuant to the Will of

RiceFellowe, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Mr. Adam Fuller, late of Lombard Street, Fuller, in the City of London, Banker, but now within the Walls of His Majesty’s Fleet Prison, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth the particular Hardships the Petitioner alleges he labours under by his Confinement, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message

14 Geo. III. 190 Maii 771

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Maffjchufets The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for tile impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes 01 eminent. persons qUe(tioned for Acts done by them in the

Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults in the Province of the Boy,

in New England; without any Amendment: And also,

St Neot’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Huntingdon, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year inclosures. of His present Majesty’s Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neot's, in the county of ;

and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers Commonable Lands and Commons, within the said Parish; without any Amendment; And also,

Colebrookes’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate, veiling the Estates late of garnet , Esquire,

decealedjin the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances, thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, taker’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate, enabling and impowering Trustees to accept, grant, and make. Building and other Leases, Contracts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Premises, late of William Baker, Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son, Peter William Baker, an Infant; and allb, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and all other-his Personal Estates, and_ the Interest, Dividends, and Proceed thereof, and ap--ply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Carttair*’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eifcue. impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell the Whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate arid Barony of Kinross, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Carjlairs, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting die fame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Bruce, Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Lange’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Njt. naturalizing John Michael Lange-, to which the Lords defrre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Baker’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act. Lilate. for enabling and empowering Trustees to accept, grant, and make, Building and other ,1,cases, Contracts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Pre-( miles, late of William Baker, Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents arid Profits thereof, and all other his Peffona^; Estate, and the Interest, Dividends; and Proceed thereof, and aoply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes; was read the FirlLTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Freeholders. Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more ealy Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of the Shire for certain Counties: And the same was received; and read the iurst Time.

V.OL, 34. _

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Laws therein R;ce. mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre-, for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and Wieft Florida, and from any Part of Ame-

rica, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre-, for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina, and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- st Nicholas mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, (Newcastle) intituled, An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish Vicarage Church of Saint Nicholas, in the Town and County of Lfafing. the Town of Newcastle upon 'Tyne, to demile or lease Part of the Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, to William Lowes, Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table:

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’s to enable certain Trustees therein named, to raise Mo- Estate. ney by Sale of certain Estates of John Smith, and James Smith, his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sail to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cloth, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

9 L to

772

190 Mail. A. 1774.

to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lange’s An ingrafted Bill from the' Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing John Michael , was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ways Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the Eleventh of this Instant May, was or were possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any Annuities, being Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of several subsequent Acts, which were made payable and transferrable at the Bank of England; or of the Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King »the Second, and of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, called Reduced Annuities, also payable and transferrable there; or of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, which are payable and transferrable at the South Sea House, called Old South Sea Annuities, and New South Sea Annuities; or of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, which were created by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and made payable and transferrable at the South Sea House; who, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of this Instant May, and before the Sum subscribed shall amount to One Million, shall subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent to accept, in Lieu of their Interest: in any Part of the said Principal or Capital Stock standing in their Names, and in full Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, the Sum of Eighty-eight Pounds, in Money, for every One hundred Pounds, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Sum, or Sums, composing One or more entire Sum, or Sums, of One hundred Pounds, or Fifty Pounds, of such Principal or Capital Stock, One Moiety thereof to be paid on or before the Fifteenth Day of July next, and the other Moiety on or before the Twentieth day of October next, together with the Interest due on the Capital Stock so subscribed to the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, shall, for every One hundred Pounds Principal or Capital Stock as aforesaid so subscribed, be entitled to receive Six Tickets, in a Lottery to consist of Sixty thousand Tickets, at the Rate of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Sum, the said Tickets to be paid for in Manner following; that is to say; that every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so subscribing, or signifying his, her, or their Consent as aforesaid, shall, on or before the Thirfy-first Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit of One Pound, in respect of the Money to be paid for each Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the Cashiers of the Bank of England, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to lay; for and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the Thirtieth Day of June next, Three Pounds on or before the Second Day of August next. Three Pounds on or before the First Day of September next, 4

and Three Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the First Day of October next; that, upon such Payments being completed. Tickets shall be delivered as loon as the same can be prepared, to the Persons entitled thereto; that the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on the First Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, or as soon after as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so possessed of, interested in, or entitled to any of the said Annuities, and so subscribing as aforesaid, shall have a Certificate from the said Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Amount of the Principal or Capital Stock by them respectively subscribed, and of all such Sum and Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive in Consideration of such their Subscription, and in Lieu and in Discharge of his, her, or their Capital Stock so subscribed; and the Holders or Bearers of such Certificates shall be paid at the Bank of England, or at the South Sea House, the several Sums of Money expressed in such Certificates, together with Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock so subscribed, in the Manner, and at the Times, herein before described; that, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with such Interest, the Whole of the Principal or Capital Stock so subscribed shall Hand discharged, and be annihilated; and the Annuity payable in respect thereof shall, from the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and-Seventy-four, cease and be extinguished.

That Books be opened, at the Bank of England, for receiving such Subscription and Consent; and that, during the Two First Days on which such Subscription and Consent are to be received, no One Person, Body Politic or Corporate, be admitted to subscribe or signify his, her, or their Consent, for any Sum or Sums, amounting in the Whole to more than Five thousand Pounds Principal or Capital Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty there be issued and applied the Sum of Two millions Eighty thousand Six hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Eight Pence Farthing, out of such Monies as shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be reservedfor the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Hands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after tfye Fifth Day of April

One

i4 Geo. III. 19® M773

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, and on Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven Antwer: hundred and Seventy-five, of the Produce of the Duties My Lords, and Gentlemen,

chatged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Four- The Attention you have given to a Matter in teenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the which the Commerce ty>d Revenue of My Kingdoms Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum are so nearly concerned, affords Me the highest Satis-Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply fastionj and you may depend upon My giving the granted to His Majesty. necessary Orders for carrying the Measures you recom-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mend into immediate Execution.

That the Sum of One hundred and Twenty-six thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, Seven Sir 'Thomas Frank land reported from the Committee, A're and Shillings and Five Pence, now remaining in the Ex- to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth _ chequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the avi^a Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping Seventy-three, be issued and applied towards making " navigable the Rivers of and Calder, in the good the Supply granted to His Majesty in this " County of York3" and for improving the Naviga-Session of Parliament. tion of the said River from to the River

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Ouze; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ^a'd River Aire, at or near , to the River Ouze,

agreed to by the House. at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, was

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon committed; and tQ whom the Petition of Charles -the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, />#?, Esquire, the Owner and Proprietor of certain the Lord North, Mx. Onslow t Mr. Charles Tewnfliend, Coal Mines, or Collieries, within the Township of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr Cornwall, Mr, Attorney Ge- Middleton, near Leeds, in the County of 1 or k; and

' nerai, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Re- die Petition of Sir Lionel , Baronet; and

binflon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. also, the Petition of several Proprietors of Limestone

Quarries and Estates, and of several Inhabitants of the Rate of The other Orders of the Day being read; Township of in the County of York, on

Interest. Resolved, That this House will, at Three of the Behalf of themselves and others 3 and also, the Petition Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Naviga-the whole House, to consider further of the Bill forex- tion from Leeds to Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of plaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce feribed, being Proprietors together with the Inhabitants " the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Par- of and Bray ton, in the County of 7ork , and also,

«« liamentary Securities." the Petition of Catharine Lady Powager Stourton, were

severally referred 3 That the Committee had considered LaMnm Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the the said Petitions $ and had examined the Allegations Jnelofure. Open Fields and Commons in the Manor of Laleham, of the Bill, and found the same to be true 3 and that

in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, be read a the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

Second Time this Afternoon. several Amendments, thereunto, which they had di-

rested him to report to the House; and he read Iafolvynt Reflolvtd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Debtors, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 3

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Books-tlers Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Question severally put thereupon. One of them

Copy Rights, the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of Book- was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the

fellers and others, by vesting the Copies of Printed House.

Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, was changing the Towing Path at Fryfton.

committed, be received this Afternoon. And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks;

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Kstoniizition Resolved, That this House wifi, upon this Day Seven- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Bill*. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole be made Part of the Bill.

' House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may ingrafted, happen by Bills of Naturalization.

An ingrafted Bill for the Repeal of all former Acts Longitude Cotton Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof at Sea. Stuffs. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Com-upon the Bill for ascertaining the Duty on printed, missioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of relate to the constructing, printing, publiftiing, vending.

Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain 3 and for and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and RegulaUons. Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a

Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Dif-And then the House adjourned till Three of the coveries in Navigation; and for the better making Ex-Clock this Afternoon, periments relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning

" 1 ’ the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates

to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners Post Meridiem. thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to

the constructing, printing, publiftiing, vending, and Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended licensing of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful A „„ His Majesty this Day with their Address; to which His Tables 3 and for the more effectual Encouragement and Gold Cob. Vol. 34. , Reward

774

*9

Mail.

A. 1774.

Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Dif-coveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Baiiol An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, iritituled, An Act ' College to enable the Mailer and Scholars of Baiiol , in

Estates. the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and , .

to William Pearce Hall and John Esquires,

in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read the Pirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colebrooke* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for veiling the Estates late of Colebrooke, Esquire,

deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Estates An ingrafted Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed forfeited: in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

Leafing. jefi.y King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the " Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to " the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a " Method of managing the fame, and applying the " Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing " and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there lor the future," so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the " Crown, unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to " the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the " Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing " and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and " preventing Disorders there for the future," so far as the same relates to the granting Leafos of the said Estates.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CottonStuffs. Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great;

and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfou into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To*morrow Sevcnnight, the Twenty-seventh Day of this inilant May.

Rv* of Inter? ft.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolvi itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, to consider further of the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to " reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to " Parliamentary Securities, being read; -

A Petition of the foveral Planters having Estates in Tob*ga the Island of Tobago, and of others concerned in the India Blands, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting‘forth.

That the Petitioners, as well as a great Majority of all who are interested in the Success of the India Islands, consider the Bill now depending, fof explaining the Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, as of the utmost Importance to their well-being, and to the 1‘rofpe-rity of Great Britain, as it promotes the Trade with those Hlands; and that Doubts having arisen, as to the Validity of Deeds executed in Great Britain, (or securing Loans made on Lands Abroad at the Rate of Interest allowed by Law where the Subject mortgaged lies, large Sums already lent both to the Colonies and to Ireland are thereby endangered; and while those Doubts subsist, no Man will lend Money on such Securities, whereby the further Cultivation and Improvement of the Islands will be prevented, -and' the large Sums already employed, particularly in the New Islands, will be in Danger of being loft; and that the Petitioners, sensible of the Importance of the Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, and that just Objections may occur to an unlimited Permission to raise Money in Britain for the Colonies, without fixing a Rate of Intpreft, are well satisfied that the same be limited to Six per Cent,; which, being only One per Cent.above the legal’ Interest in Great Britain, is no more than a moderate Compensation for taking Securities in drftaht Parts; where Loss of Time and Difficulties pi ay occur in recovering the Money, which is the Sense not only of the Petitioners, but of a great Majority of all the Islands where Eight per Cent.js allowed; and also the Sentiments of almost

all the Merchants in London trading to the West; and that, although a Petition has been jjirefented by. certain Dominica Planters, praying, that Eight per Cent.

Interest might be allowed; and although it may be the Wilh of many that the same Coialjl take place, without Prejudice to Great Britain, yet the Majority of the Dominica Planters are well satisfiid with the Bill at Six per Cent.; and there {land Minutes of the Dominica Society, repeatedly and recently confirmed, to that Effect, notwithstanding the Means that have been used by a Minority of the Society to have them cancelled; and that the Tobago Society, who belong to an Island still less cultivated than Dominica, and where Interest is also Eight per Cent, were, at a numerous Meeting, unanimous in approving the Bill at Six Cent.: And therefore praying the House to tike the Premises under Consideration, and to pals the Bill, confirming the Validity of Deeds to be executed in Britain on Property in any of His Majesty’s Colonies Abroad, at an Interest not exceeding Six per Cent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining an Act,.made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled,

" An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without " any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

‘ Mr.

_ »

Laleham

lnclpfure.

Booksellers

Copyrights.

Silver Coin.

Hops.

Hellidon

Inclosure.

14 Geo. III. 190 — 20 775

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of , in the Counties

of Middlesex and Surrey, this Afternoon, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order made this Day, for receiving this Afternoon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and others, by vesting the Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, was committed, being read;

Mr. Whitworth reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act contained shall prevent the Booksellers of Scotland from printing and vending in all such Books as they could legally print and fell before the First of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present;

The House was told by Mr. Speaker; and there not being Forty Members present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V meris, 2o° die Maii;

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguijk:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Vol. 34.

Pari'lh and Liberties of He, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting One Moiety of the Bridge built cross Stonehouse Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, in Trull, to raile a Moiety of the Expences of building the fame; and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, of the respective Estates devised to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased; and likewise for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and London in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell the Whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinrcfs, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Carftairs, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Bruce, Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Pari fhes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Bill to be mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Clavering, Mr. Ridley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmborough, Shoeston, and -land, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet

9 M this

Stonehouse Creek Bridge. (Sir John St. Aubyn,)

CarftaiiV

Estate.

Swinburne’s Moors and Waste Land*.

Balmborough,

&C.

Manor*.

Beverley to Hefsle, See. Roads.

Wedmore, tec. Drainage.

t

Royal Assent to Bills.

77 6 'id* Mail A. 1774.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from , to

the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening the Road from Kirk Ella, through West Ella, and North , to the West

End of Howden Road Lane, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining. Three several Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground, called IVedmore, Churchland and Kludge-

ley Moor, in the County of Somerset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 32 Common Rights, some of whom could not be found, and the others did not choose to sign the Bill, but made no Objection; and that the whole Number of Common Rights, upon the most accurate Calculation, amounts to 300, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-neux, Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty;

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England:

An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of the Massachusets Bay, in New England:

An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for regulating Insurances upon Lives; and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cafes where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured:

An Act for further continuing so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed " by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, " and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, " Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, " Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and of all Persons employed in the said " several Manufactures; and for the better Payment " of their Wages

An Act for making and establishing public Quays, or Wharfs, at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason, or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certains Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to fell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Success'ors:

An Act for regulating Madhouses:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders, in the County Palatine of Durham:

An Act for recovering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, in Holdernsfe, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England; and for other " Purposes," so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years, to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads:

An Act for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bttde, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornivall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of Caljloke, in the said County:

An Act for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of

the

i4 Geo. III. so0 M777

the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices:

An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money, for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution:

An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of -sea, in the County of Surreyand for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish Church:

An Act for making commodious Ways and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish:

An Act for enlarging the present, or providing a new, Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Work-house; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street Southwark; for making a Carriage Way, from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street-, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church:

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse,' light, water, and embellish, the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School:

An Act for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places, of Winefield, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Hollym,

Rimfwell, Owtkorne, otherwise Seathorne, Withernfea, Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr; and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of Ayr: An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Xhz Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge-, and also, from HooAsh Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibfiock to Meafham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby -, and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney’s House, in the Liberty of Ofbaf-ton, to Cheshire's House, in the Liberty of Carlton -, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton's Lane, to the Coal Fields; and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane, to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to Amend the Road from Elflone Church, to the Turnpike

V l, 34*

Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester:

An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, an Act, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from the Town of Bewdley, in the " County of Worcester to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively-."

An -Act for- vesting the settled Estates of Francis Creuze and Sarah his Wife, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates late of John Wilson, Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey-, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale for the Benefit of John Wilson, an Infant, his eldest Son and Heir at Law:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of George Palmes, Esquire, deceased, in the Lord ft) ip or Township of Nabourn, otherwise Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of the Debts of the said George Palmes, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to demise or lease Part of the Land belonging to the said Vicarage to William Lowes, Esquire, for the Purposes, and upon the Conditions, in such Lease to be mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Down Lands, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tilcombe, otherwise Tidcombe, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Bainton, in the East Riding of the County of York and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes of all the said Township, and of the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of Bainton aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, within the Hamlet or Chapelry of Defford, in the County of Worcester-,

and for draining and levelling, and also for regulating the Hocking with Cattle, a certain Common called Defford Common:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Uninclosed Fields, and Parcels of Land, within the Manor and Parish of Garton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Finningley, in the Counties of Nottingham and York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Ellington, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potion, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds, within the Parish of Harringworth, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds, and also a Stinted or Common Pasture, called The Cow Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stoke Hammond, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the Tithings

«f

778

20° Mali.

A. 1774;

of Milton Lilburne, Milton and Milton Havering,

in the Parish of Milton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the Chapelry or Township of , in the County of Wtorcejier:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Town ship of Rudftoin the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Township, Parish, and Liberties of Easton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town-ftiips of Acombe and Holdgate, in the County of the City of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Meadow, Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Oxenton, in the County of Gloucester

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint in the County of

Huntingdon; and for regulating the Usage and Stocking of divers Commonable Lands and Commons, within the said Parish:

An Act to enable John , the Elder, Gentle-

man, and his Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Theobald, Widow, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Burnand:

An Act for naturalizing Luder Hoffham and Nicholas Hane:

An Act for naturalizing Bufigny.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

Quebec. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of His Majesty’s Proclamation, respecting the settling the Acquisitions at the Peace, in November 1763 j and also a Copy of General Murray's Commission, as Captain General of the Province of Quebec.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Thame* Bill more effectually to improve and complete the aviS* 1 Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Purchasers of such Copies from Authors, or their Assigns, fora Time therein to be limited, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order* being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave'to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committe of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Great Order, a Bill for reducing the Rates and Duties payable Raisin*. upon the Importation of Great Raisins: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cattle A Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from the Driving in Diving of Cattle within the Cities of London and Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do make the Report from Westminster. Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was read a Se- the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Ex-

cond Time. portation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Al- the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, derman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And was committed.

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Mr. Robinson accordingly reported from the said in the Speaker’s Chamber. Committee, That the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Bookseller* Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and th^ had directed to be reported to the House; and he Copyrights, others, by veiling the Copies of Printed Books in the read the Report in his P.ace; and afterwards deli-' vered

Cotton

and

Linen

Mamufidurtfc

i4 Geo. III. 20 Mail. j’ja

vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Booksellers Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of Booksellers and

Copyrights, others, by veiling the Copies of Printed Books in the Purchasers of l'uch Copies from Authors or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited, be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Wedmore, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are &c\ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and D ariing. 0fjierSj Freeholders of the several Manors of Wed-more, Churchland, and Mnin the County of Sumerfet, Proprietors of, and interested in Three several large Moors, or Trails of Waste Ground, called by the Names of Wedmore Moor, and

Mudgley Moor, situate within the several Manors aforesaid, was prel'cnted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill hath been presented, for inclosing, allotting, dividing, and draining, the said Three several Moors, or Tracts of Waste Ground; and that the Petitioners have not, and they believe several other Persons, who are Freeholders of the' said Manors, Proprietors of, and interested in, the said Three several Moors, or Trails of Waste Ground, have not, consented to the Application made for inclosing the same; and repre-fenting to the House the many ill Consequences the Petitioners apprehend may arise to them, and the poorer Neighbours, who are Renters of Estates within the said Manors, by an Inclosure of the said several Moors, or Waste Grounds: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pais into a Law, and that thereby the many Evils so judly apprehended may be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bate of Mr. Walpole, according to Order, reported from the loterefh Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to reduce " the Rate of lntcrell, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sait Cloth. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain-, and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 34.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans Ex£^tlaef or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One 1 *' thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Distiller«. Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, ydblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Turnpike Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,:

" An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act EngLesf " of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -worth, Mr. Penruddock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Member* for repealing an Act, made in the Fit ft Year of the ®-cfiance. Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of several Acts, of the Eighth, Tenth, and Twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prisoners; for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and pre- Health of venting the Gaol Distemper; without any Amendment: ,n ao And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act NwthShieldt, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields-, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon \ Tyne; without any Amendment: And also.

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cariton for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at Carlton, ri ge* in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

9 N The

780 20° Mail. A, 1774.

Leicester, The Lords iiaVe agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Road* the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there; without any Amendment: And also,

Timberknd \ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of 7imberland, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

Turnpike The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads: to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Side Gates. Parliament, for reducing into One Act the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Godley The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Surrey) for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within no eepers. pjun(jred Qf Godley, in the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions; without any Amendment: And also,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act *hire* ^or imPower*ng the most noble William Duke of ate* shire to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, deceased, in the County of York; to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Barbor’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Eftaw. foj- vetting divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert Barbor, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Charges, charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Chedworth’s vetting a Messuage and Lands, called East Leach Grove, Estate. part t^e fettjecj Estate Qf the Right honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedtvorth, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, in.Trust, to sell and convey the fame, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Popham’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, diflol ve t he Marriage of Stephen Popham, Gentleman, with Ann Fate Whiteftde, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; _ to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this rHouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Laleham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Inclosure. Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in; no . Counsel appearing for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, Lands, and Rights of Common, within the Manor of

in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and also Owners of certain Cattle Gates, or Rights of Pasturage of Cattle, within and upon a certain Common, in the /County of Surrey, called Laleham Burzvay, which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of March last; and also, the Petition of William Barwell, Esquire; and others.

Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in and near Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and also of the Inhabitants of the Town of Chertsey, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April last* were also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard, anti examined several Witnesses, and went through his Evidence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir James Loivther presented to the House, according Shire House*, to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and " speedy act'efling, collecting, and levying, of County " Ratesand of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the " Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire " Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the " Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for confirming to the resident Freemen or Newcastle Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen nP°n Tyne or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, Town^Moor, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the C* Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been ul'ed; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley,

Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Stewards and Wardens of the Ditto, several Companies or Fraternities of Freemen, or Free Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, whole Names are thereto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the said several Companies or Fraternities, and the rest of the resident Free Burgesses, and the resident Widows of deceased Free Burgesses, of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the

Votes, that a Bill is depending, for confirming to the

resident Freemen and Burgesses, and to the resident

Widows of Freemen or Burgesses deceased, of the

Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and

Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Castle Leazes,

and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town,

for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been

used, and for improving the Herbage of the said Town

Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively;

and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law,

1 as

i4 Geo. III.

20° — 2 <5° Maii.

781

as it now Hands, the Right and Interest of the Petitioners, and the rest of the resident Freemen and resident Widows of deceased Freemen of the said Town, and their Succefi'ors, will be greatly affected and prejudiced: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitor, or Agents, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, against such Clauses in, or Parts of, the said Bill, as they shall be advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon ’Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Cajile Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Devonshiie’s for ini powering the most noble William Duke of

Eftaw. shireto make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the

Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, deceased, in the County of York, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in,

when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 30th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Hawker* and Reading of the Bill for the better regulating of Hawkers Pedlars, and Pedlars; and for remedying the Inconveniences arising from itinerant Traders and others disposing of Wares and Merchandizes by Auction.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the lft Day of June next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Insolvent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, DebtorSj upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday.

Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ckedworth’s for veiling a Messuage and Lands, called East Leach te* Grove, Part of the settled Estate of the Right honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the fame, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

D°vorm S *n§r°fred Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

lvorce. tQ (jjflyiyg Marriage of Stephen Gentleman,

with Ann Yate Whiteside, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Harbor’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eibce. for veiling divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert Barbor, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Charges, charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Election The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Me®^er,. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (Scotland.) upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, " and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done . VOL. 34.

Jovis, 26° die Maii }

Anno 140 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers,

SIR Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Gee’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Estates tituled. An Act for vesting the Manor of Thorngumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee, Esquire, deceased, iii Trustees, to be sold; and for applying Part of the Monies thereby arising in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ttue; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sterne* for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale Estate. and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne, Esquire,

and

Colebrooke's

Eiiate.

Baker’s lift ate.

Hanger’s

Estate.

Baliol

College

Estate.

Popham’s

Divorce.

782 $6° Maii. 1774.

and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the County of York, therein corn-prized, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pennyman, Mr. Norton, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates late of James Colebrooke, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitzvorlh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling and impowering Trustees to accept, grant, and make. Building and other Leases, Contrafts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Pre-miles, late of William Baker, Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and alli other his Personal Estates, and the Interest, Dividends, and Proceed thereof, and apply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Townfijend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of the honourable William Hanger, situate in the County of Kent, intailed by the Will of the Right honourable Gabriel Lord Coleraine, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from i*.e Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Matter and Scholars of Baliol College, in the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and Radnor, to William Pearce Hall and John Wood house, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham, Gentleman,

2

with Ann Tate Whiteside, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, the 3d Day of June next, refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard By Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An CsHbiiV Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell the Whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinross, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Bruce, Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Archibald Edmmiftone, he.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, allotting, dividing, Wedmore* and draining. Three several Moors or Tracts of Watte &c. Ground, called Wedmore, Churchland Moor, and Mudge- Drainage. ley Moor, in the County of SomerJ'et, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 32. To leave out " draining."

1. 33. To leave out " Tracts of Land" and insert " Wattes" inttcad thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, called or known by the Names of Wedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, Tad ham, and Yeel Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, within the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lord/, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Barre reported from the Committee, to whom Grafsham the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. mo.n Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Graff ham, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 81 Acres of L.and within the said Manor, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed, amount to 846 Acres, exclusive of Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Table:

i4 Geo. III. *

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Barber’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert

bor, Esquire, deceal'ed, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Charges, charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir George Tonge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sail An ingossed Bill to continue the several Laws there-Cloth. jn mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cotton An ingossed Bill to prevent the Exportation, to and Linen Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton aouutiurei. an(j jjnen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Beverley An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of to an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Ma-^^Roads*"' ie%» f°' repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at in the County of

York-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Kirk Ella, through West Ella, and North Cave, to the Weil End of Bowden Road Lane, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. I.31. After "Farm" to insert " save the " usual 'l oll to be collected at such " Turnpike Bar or Gate, as shall " be erected by virtue of this Act, " and under the Provisions and " Restrictions aforesaid, when he " or they shall pass through the " fame, in like Manner as all ‘ " other Persons shall pay the said

" Toll."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put th.ereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act; to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to

the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York; Vol. 34.

Mali. 783

and for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for reducing the Rates and Duties payable Great upon the Importation of Great Railins, was read a ®,a*lin5‘ Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Jekyll’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, South Sea upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to allow the Ad- stQC^her ministrator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative, of Sir jefeph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, £. 10,coo South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy1 given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon; as also on £. 10,000 East India Stock, and to apply a certain Sum of Money paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, deceased; and for appropriating the said several Sums to such Purposes as therein is mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Jekyll, Administrator with the Will annexed, of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, late Mailer of the Rolls, deceased, on Behalf of himself and others, the Residuary Legatees named in the Will of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, and on Behalf of the Represen tatives of the several Nephews and Nieces (the next of Kin) of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, living at the Time of his Death, was referred, be referred ro the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exchequer to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B^ls, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

9 O His

784 a 6° Maii.A. 1774*

His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read j and is as followedh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand One hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addiefles of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Way* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place , and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of April 1774, of the Two-sevenths Excise, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen M, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended, be carried to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund; and that the said Fund be made a Security for the Discharge of such Annuities, and other Demands, payable out of the said Sum, as the growing Produce of the said Two-sevenths Excise shall not be sufficient to answer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Monies arilen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and also of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Sixteen thousand Five hundred Pounds and Four Pence, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, on Account of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound upon Monies issued to him for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Thirty thousand Five hundred Sixty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Second and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the Receivers General of the several Counties in England and Wales, that have not raised the Militia.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon 7 day last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted

to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do nuke Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act L°ri for veiling a Messuage and Lands, called Leach, "£^tg. Grove, Part of the settled Estate of the Right honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the fame, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by fiuch Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Mr. Prescott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining an Act, made in the Rate Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, of " An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any *ntCre*'l»

" Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 8. To leave out " and Ireland."

Pr. 2. 1. 29. After " being" to insert ." in the " said Kingdom of Ireland or." '

At the End of the Bill to add " unless the Mortgagee " or other Person or Persons for " whose Behoof such Mortgage or " other Security shall have been " made or granted, shall have,

" bona fide, used his or their utmost Endeavour to cause the " same to be registered within the " Time hereinbefore limited for " that Purpose."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice " to Parliamentary Securities."

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act DiA-for impowering the Most noble William Duke of Devon- of" shire, to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within Devonftvre’i the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and deceased, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Naturali-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, zat.‘°n upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 1 s‘

Act to prevent certain Inconveniences that may happen by Bills of Naturalization, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

Ways and Means: (Quebec).

Ditto.

Ditto.

Bltto.

Quebec

Government.

Laws,

Expiring.

14 Geo. III. 26° — 2j785

Sir Charles WhitVoortK reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That it be an tnstruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue, in the Province of Quebec, in America, for making a more certain and

adequate Provision for the Charge of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government, in the said Province.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mills, Receiver General of the Province of Quebec, do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North reported to the House, that their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Housei that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Printed Proclamation, dated 7th October 1763: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Commission for James Murray, Esquire, to be Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Province of Quebec.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of in North

America;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ,0S'

SMr. Thomas )

Junior, > 29*

Mr. Charles James Fox: J So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into 3 Comtipittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

- The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of un-customed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manu-VOL. 34.

factures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America-, to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed; in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of Britifkmade Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the 1Britifk Plantations in America; to the

regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend lb much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 2 70 Maii-,

Anno 14° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, passed in the ^r.*nd Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King ^avigatlon. William the Third, intituled " An Act for the making " and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder,

" in the County of York ;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Air, from Weeland, to the River Ouze; and for. making a Navigable Canal from the said River Air, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at or near the Town of Selby, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that the Undertakers shall make Satisfaction to the Owner of Fleet Mills, for not drawing down the Water.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That after a Year the Owner may draw down the Water as low as he thinks proper.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 33. To leave out " or near the Town" and insert " the Old Brick Garth " at Ouze Gate End, within the " Township" instead thereof.

1-34

786

270 Mail. A. 1774.

1. 34. After " County" to insert " and for " other Purposes."

Pr. 85. 1. 22. To leave out from the Syllable " ing" to " and " in Line 26.

Pr. 87. 1. 26. To leave out " in case any new and insert " when the said ’’ instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping 4‘ navigable the Rivers of Aire and in the County of Yorkand for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from , to the River Ouze;

and for making a navigable Canal from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at the Old Brick Garth at Ouze Gate End, within the Town-drip of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distillers. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend Co much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelr into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several . Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Great Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Raisins. tf) ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House retolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. .;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Exchequer Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Bill’s. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee

9

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Law*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Ex?lnnff* the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking oft* several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar,

Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America’, to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain-, to the Bounty on the Exportation of made

Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in.

America-, to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1773, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-triittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plekfe to receive the same. 1 '

Ordered, That1 the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they'rhay have Leave to flt again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, that the Resolution, which. Gold Cola.

‘ Upon

j

/ ;*

14 Geo. III. 2-)° Mail. 787

upon the 12th Day of this Instant was reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence which shall <c be incurred in calling in and recoining the deficient " Gold Coin, in pursuance of the Resolutions of this " House of the 10th Day of this Instant May."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in and recoining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of accounting for the Deficiency of the said Coin: And that Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Thame's The House was moved, that the Report which upon Navigation. £)ay of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mrs. Sarah Winford, of the Parish of Great in the county of ;

and also, the Petition of O'Brien, of Taplow

Court, in the County of Bucks, were referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That lb much of the said Report as relates to the said MoroughO'Brien, Esquire, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for preventing any Boat, Barge, Vessel, or Float, being anchored, moored, or fattened, in Tapiow Mill Stream, or from lying in the said Stream.

Bslmbrough, Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Comnfit-&c. tee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing

Manors. the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon,

and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmbrough,

Jton, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested VOL.34.

therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of

disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported Cottoit from the Committee of the whole House, to whom* Stuffs* the Bill for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain-, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported from Jekyll’s the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill S®"111 Sea» to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with stock, the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, £.10,000 South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on £. 10,000 East India Stock; and to apply a certain Sum of Money paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, deceased; and for appropriating the said several Sums to such Purposes as therein is mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’* to enable certain Trustees therein named, to raile Money, Estate* by Sale of certain Estates of John Smith, and James Smith, his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the feme City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Skipwith, 8cc. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in the several Paving. Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regu-

9 P lating.

Insolvent

Debtors

Shirehouses,

Ac.

Dickcrdine's

Name.

Linger

Nat.

Committees.

Booksellers

Copyrights.

27 — $i° Mail. . 1774.

lating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and Parts

adjacent; and for watering such Part of as

lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Power of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and speedy afielTing, collecting, and levying, of County Rates;" and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County " Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or " Grand Sessions, are usually held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved’, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Dickerdine, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice,

and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Fellozve, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Onslow, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Michael was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors,

or their Assigns, for a Time therein to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. { Uta Bootle: } +0-

Tellers for the Noes. 5"r' Chariot Jamot Box. j ’ t 1 he Lord Beauchamp: 3

So it was.resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And- that the Title be. An Act for Relief of Booksellers and others, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Purchasers of such Copies from Authors, or their Assigns, for a Time therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Feilde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth have Leave to Westminster make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the watch and Clock. Beadles.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 15. After " the " to insert, " Vellries of " the."

Pr. 5. 1. 31. To leave out " and, " and inlert " or" instead thereof.

Pr. 7. 1. 24. To leave out " and, " and after " Liberty" to insert " Precinct and " Places"

Pr. 16. 1. 18. After " Parish" to insert " Liberty."

Pr. 38. 1. 7. To leave out " Parifl\," and insert " Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and " Places, respectively," instead thereof.

Pr. 40. 1. 7. After "can" to insert " or shall."

Pr. 47. I.21. After " Chapel" to insert " of the " laid several Parishes, Liberty, Precinct, and Places, respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 310 die Mali;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for confirming and establishing the Balmbrough, Division, Extindlion of Right of Intercommon, &c*

and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoe- anor5'

fton, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed

Ground.

i4 Geo. III. 31° Mali.

Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balm , and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract ofdifputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the L/srds, and desire their Concurrence.

Graffham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lndofure. an(j Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor and Township of Graffham, in t he County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jefcyll's An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to allow the . Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the gtock Personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, £. 10,000 South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on/.10,000 East India Stock; and to apply a certain Sum of Money paid into the Exchequer by the Executors of Lady Ann Jekyll, deceased; and for appropriating the said several Sums to such Purposes as therein is mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, to fell £.10,000 South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on £.

India Stock; and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Smith’s Mr. Ashburnham reported from the Committee, to Estate. w[10rn the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Walter Smith, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Binderton, and certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in the County of for other

Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, belonging to Sir James Peachy, Baronet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at tl\e Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashburnham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Quarters i Officers and Soldiers, America.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cudaon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers Vol. 3+.

and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service iti North;

without any Amendment s And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corn, to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch to forimpowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the far-thermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause Part of the said Road to be lighted, watched, and watered, and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Parish of Mary Stoke Nezvinglon, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kimbolton, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by^an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year oa *' of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brozvn’s Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntington, through Kimbolton and Highham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Poll in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Hun-

tingdon, ?.nd for repealing so much of an Act: of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane, and the South End thereof; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rotherham, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankersley Park, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to General enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parlia- Pultenev’s ment, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving further " Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of " Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impowerthe " Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and " other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchal’eand " exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of " making certain Roads and Ways, to and from a free " Bridge by them intended to be built over the River " Avon, in the said County; and also to impower the " Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time " being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain " Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and like-u wife to enable the said Trustees to grant certain " Grounds and Springs of Water, within the said Manor " of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens,

" of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the " said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of " the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of " Leafing given by the said Act to the Persons therein " named; and for other Purposes;" to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Nciveaflle to whom the Bill for confirming to the resident Free-men or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased ‘ ,

Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to she Herbage of the Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows

each.

79° 3 x° MA. 1774.

each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Castle

Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Stewards and Wardens of the several Companies or Fraternities of Freemen, or Free Burgesses, of the Town of upon Tyne,

whose Names are thereto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the said several Companies or Fraternities, and the rest of the resident Free Burgesses, and the resident Widows of deceased Free Burgesses, of the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Icverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the lloule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Swinburne’s Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

Estate. to whom the Bill to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands within the Parishes oi Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Bill to be mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto } which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General An 'ngr°ftfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Pulteney’s to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Par-

Dathwick liament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His

Estate. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving further " Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of " Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower " the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney,

" and other Trustees appointed by this Act> to purchase " and exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of " Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose " of making certain Roads and Ways to, and from, " a free Bridge by them intended to be built over " the River Avon, in the said County, and also to impower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate " for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant " Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; " and like, wife to enable the said Trustees to grant " certain Grounds and Springs of Water within the " said Manor of Bathwick to the Mayor, Aldermen,

" and Citizens of Bathand for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens,

" over Part of the said Manor of; and for

" other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging " the Powers of Leafing given by the said Act, to the »

" Persons therein named; and for other Purposes;" to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Excheque* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it- ElefHon

self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill

for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Scotland." Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections " of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament,

" for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to " restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of " Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

The House accordingly resolved it self into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee,

That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Thame* to whom the Bill more effectually to improve and Navigation, complete the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Distiller*. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufactureers of Wool and

Linen,

» f

4

mldings and Party Walls.

Great

Beilins.

Annuities

and

Lottery.

Turnpike

Roads:

(Weighing

Engines.)

14 Geo. III. 310 Maii. 791

Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular used in the Woollen and Lirfen Manufactures, was Cafes, was committed; That the Committee had gone committed, the Amendments which the Committee had through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to unto; which they had directed him to report to the report to the House; and he read the Report in his House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a , And the House being informed that several other

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ref, That the said Bill be -re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a ingrossed. Committee of the whole House.

Ref That this House will, Tomorrow Morning. Mr. Mackworthreported from the Committee, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon

whom the Bill for the further and better Regulation of the said Bill.

Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Compreventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of mittee, that they do consider of the Weight of Stage London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and Coaches travelling upon Turnpike Roads, other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply. le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; for indemnifying, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee against the Penalties to which they are, or may be, liable had directed him to report to the House; which he for erecting Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, con- read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the trary to Law, was committed; That the Committee Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are had examined the Allegations of* the Bill, and as followeth;

found the same to be true; and that the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several That the Sum of Eight hundred and Eighty thousand Amendments thereunto; which they had'directed him Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Mato report to the House; and he read the Report in his jesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums payable Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the to the Persons who have subscribed their Capital Stock Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of Three pounds per Centum Annuities, to be dif-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a charged and annihilated, upon the Terms expressed in Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the Resolution of this House of the Nineteenth Day of severally put thereupon, several of them were difagfeed this Instant May.

to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, several Amendments were made, by the House, to the That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Bill. . Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and discharging the Debt of the Navy, ingrossed. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported agreed to by the House. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported ^ays and

Importation of Great Raisins, was committed, the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the was referred to consider further of Ways and Means Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- solutions which the Committee had directed him to terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at report to the House; which he read in his Place; and the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by the same were read; and are as followeth;

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, wereagreed to by the House. That a Duty of Three Pence Sterling Money per Gal-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ion be laid upon all Brandy, or other Spirits, of the ingrossed. Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported

or brought into the Province of Quebec.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Order, a Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million of That a Duty of Six Pence Sterling Money per Gallon the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annui- be kid upon all Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be ties, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein men- imported or brought from any of His Majesty’s Sugar tioned; and for establishing a Lottery: And the same Colonies in the West Indies into the said Province, was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. That a Duty of One Shilling Sterling Money per Gal-

lon be laid upon all Rum, or other Spirits, which shall Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to be imported or brought from any other of His Majesty’s whom the Bill for explaining and altering an Act, made Colonies or Dominioos in America into the said Proin the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, vince.

intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in That a Duty of One Shilling Sterling Money per Gallon " being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that be laid upon all Foreign Brandy, or other Spirits, of " Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Foreign Manufacture, imported or brought from Great " Purposes; so far as the same relates to the Payment Britain into the said Province.

of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Num- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

her of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turn- That a Duty of One Shilling Sterling Money per Gallon pike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions, with be laid upon all Rum, or Spirits, of the Produce or Vol. 34. Q Manufacture

792

3.10 M

A. ill a,

Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, not in the Possession or under the Dominion of His Majesty, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence Sterling Money Gallon be laid upon all Melasses and Syrups which shall be imported or brought into the said Province, in Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects in Great Britain, or to His Majesty’s Subjects in the said Province.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence Sterling Money per Gallon be laid upon all Melasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province in any other Ships or Vessels in which the same may be legally imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be levied and paid, over and above all other Duties now payable in the said Province of Quebec, by virtue of any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings Sterling Money be paid for every Licence which shall be granted, by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, of the said Province, to any Person or Persons, for keeping a House of Public Entertainment, or for felling or retailing Wine, Brandy, Rum, or any other Liquors, within the said Province.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties to be raised in the said Province be applied, in the First Place, in making a more certain and adequate Provision for the Charge of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government, in the said Province; and that the Residue of the said Duties be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

The Four first Resolutions of the Committee being (everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inlerting after the Word " brought" the Words " from any other Place, except Great ."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted: ,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-.mittee in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Duty jof One Shilling Sterling Money per Gallon be laid upon all Rum* or Spirits, of the Produce or Manufacture of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, not in the Possessiorf or under the Dominion of His Majesty, which shall be imported or brought from any other Place, except Great Britain, into the said Province.

TKe Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time; -

An Amendment was proposed.to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words Great ’’. the Words

" or Ireland." . . -:;

And the Question being put,.That tho(e;Words be there inserted; . V; .

It was resolved in the Affirmative. -r Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refofution, so amended, That a Duty of Three Pence Sterling Money per Gallon be laid upon all Melasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought into the said Province in Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty’s Subjeifts in Great Britain or Ireland, or to His Majesty’s Subje&s in the said Province.

The subsequent Resolutions.of the Committee being (everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, As agreed to by the House: And that Sir

Charles Whitvborth," the Lord 'North, Nix. Onslow, Mr;

Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. W/utworth reported from the Committee, to Lange’s

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat.

An Act for naturalizing "John Michael Lange, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-. gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill +

to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at’the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do Carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Thomas Penn, Esquire, on Behalf of Quebec himself, and of John Penn, Esquire, true and absolute Government. Proprietaries of the Province of , anil the

Three lower Counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Sussex, on Delawar, in America, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Fourth Day of , in the Three-and-thirtieth Year of his Reign, was graciously pleased to grant unto William Penn, Esquire, (late Father of the Petitioner Thomas Penn, and Grandfather of the Petitioner John Penn,) in Fee, the said Province of Pensylvania; the Extent and Bounds whpreof were expressed in the said Letters Patent; and taking Notice . of the Bill for making more effeiftual Prqvision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in rica; and alleging, that, from the best Observations which have been made, and the most correct Maps which have been laid down of those Parts, and from other Evidence, it appears; that the River infer-fe<fts a very large Tra<ft of the North Western,.Western, and South Western, Parts of the said Province, as granted by the said Letters Patent, the Limits or Boundaries whereof, in that Part, have not; as yet, been allowed and confirmed by the Crown; and that, in order: to have the Limits and Boundaries of the said Province ascertained, the Petitioners did, on the 27th Day of March 1773, present a Petition to His Majesty, in Council, praying that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to appoint such disinterested Persons in those Parts, as His Majesty (liould think proper, to join with such Persons as (liould be named by the Petitioners, to mark, out and ascertain the Northern,

Western, and South Western, Boundaries of the said Province; which Petition has been referred, by His Majesty, to the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and is now under Consideration of that Board; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Bill will be injurious to them, if -It should pals into a Law, without containing (bme Provision, that the same may not asse<ft the Petitioners Rights under the said Letters Patent: And therefore praying, That the Dedription of the Territories,

Islands, and Countries, to be annexed to the said Province of Quebec, may be so confined, as not to affect the Petitioners Tai'd Province; or that a Provision may be mgxlp in the said Bill,:that the same shall not affect the Petitioners Province granted to them by the said Letters Patent: and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, upon the Matter of their -Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

14 Geo. III. 3 i* Mai793

A Petition of the several Merchants of the City of London, trading to the Province of Quebec, in North America, whole respective Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth. That thetre is a Claui'e in the said Bill, by which His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, and the Grants and Commissions issued inconsequence thereof, will be revoked and made void; and that, by another Clausein the said Bill, all Matters' of Controversy, relative to the Property and Civil Rights of any of His Majesty’s Subjects of the said Province, are to be decided by the Laws of Canada, and by the Judges presiding in the Courts of Judicature of that Province, without the Interposition of a Jury; and representing to the House, that the System of Government and Administration of Justice in the said Province of Quebec, which have taken Place in consequence of His Majesty’s said Royal Proclamation, have been hitherto, as nearly as might be, according to the Laws of England, and such Government and Administration of Justice have been perfectly satisfactory to His Majesty’s Subjects residing' in the said Province of Canada-, and the Petitioners conceive, it will be highly injurious to H is Majesty’s said Subjects, and all other His Majesty’s Subjects trading to the said Province, to have the Laws of Canada substituted in the Place of the Laws of , England, and to have the Trial by Jury abolished: And therefore praying (in Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Prosperity of the said Province) That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, with the above-mentioned Clauses remaining in it; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petiticfn, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Francis Maferes, Esquire, late Attorney General of the Province of Quebec, do this Day attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, is committed.

Ordered, That Major General , Governor of

the said Province, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Hey, Esquire, Chief Justice of the said Province, do attend this House upon Morning next.

*' ' v

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon Thursday last by the Lord North, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Report made by Major General Carleton, Governor of the Province ot Quebec, to His Majesty, relative to the State of that Province;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

!Mr. Thomas ~j

Junior, > 46.

Mr.: J

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr^Corter:^0*’ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 34.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Report made by William Hey, Esquire, Chief Justice of the said Province;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Report made by Francis Maferes, Esquire, the Attorney General of the said Province;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Reports of His Majesty’s Advocate General, Attorney General, and Solicitor General, relating to the said Province; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j h^ J 4J

Tellers for the Noes, j MrflilSfi } $5-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the last Report from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to His Majesty in Council, relative to the Constitution of the Province of Quebec.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the Reports from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to His Majesty in Council, dated the i ith of January, and 3d of September, 1765, relating to the

laid Province.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, ThatDodlor James Marriott, His Majesty’s Ditto. Advocate General, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ditto, whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had heard the Petitioners, the Merchants of the City of London trading to the Province of Quebec, in North America, whose respective Names are thereunder written, by their Counsel, and had examined several Witnesses, and made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

794

i* Junii.

J. 1774.:

Mercurti i° die Junii;

Anno 14* Georgii III"' Regis, 1774-Prayers.

Newcastle A N ingrossed Bill for confirming to the resident Town dx. Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of Mo,or' deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Cqftle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Castle Ledzes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swinburne’s An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Edtvard Swinburne, Estate. Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of EdlingJiam and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner, and after the Rate, in the Bill to be mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the further and better Regula- Building* tion of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Party Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Ron, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Perl'ons, against the Penalties to which they are, or may be, liable for erecting Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon,

Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at,

in the County of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are, or may be, liable for erecting Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill more effectually to improve and Jha!"e*. complete the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward avi84tt0B-of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman O do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distillen. An ingrossed Bill to extend lb much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for-ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported, and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Com, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; And for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap- imported, and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Great An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Rates and Duties Raisins. payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Duty on print- Cotten ed, painted, stained, or dyed, Stulls, wholly made of StuflL Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain; and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That the Proof of its being Cotton, manufactured in Great Britain, lie upon the Owner.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro* posed to tie made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 3. After " Sale" to insert " or have in " his, her, or their, Custody or " Pofiession."

1. 13. To leave out "herein."

1. 16. After " Sale" to insert " or which " shall be in his, her, or their,

" Custody or Pofiession."

1. 20. To leave out " as is."

1. 23. To leave out " already" and insert " or shall be" instead thereof.

1. 25. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " which" in 1. 26, and insert " Mark or Stamp, on or be-

" fore

,|§

.14 Geo. IIL

i° fund

t4 fore the 17th Day oiF August " 1774, by some Officer to be ap-<c pointed by the Commissioners of " Excise, all" instead thereof.

I. 17. After " Stuffs" to insert " so manufadured and marked or stamped." 1. 29. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " any" in 1. 32, and insert " or for any Person or ' " Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, to have in his, her, or " their, Custody or Pofiession" instead thereof.

I. 34. After " notwithstanding" to insert " Provided always, that nothing in " this Act contained shall extend " to Cotton Velvets, Velverets, or " other Fustians, manufactured in Great Britain.''

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for al'certaining the Duty on printed, painted, itained, or dyed, Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain -, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations.

Ordered, That the Lord Howe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Flour. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the Methods practised. in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof, and how far it may be expedient to put the same again under the Regulations of an Assize; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bleftions: Sir Archibald Edmonstone, according to Order, re-

(Scodand.) ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching " the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons " in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the " Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Ope# read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to :by the House.-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hawker* Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the Second and Reading of the Bill for tive better regulating of Hawkers Pedlar*. ap(j peci!ars; and for remedying the locoavei) fences

Vpj.. 34-

arising from itinerant Traders and others, disposing of Wares and Merchandizes by Auction, be now read.

And the said-Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon this Day Two Months.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Quebec House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Government. Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Reports therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Flo»r. of all Reports made by the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, relative to the grinding of Wheat, and dressing of Flour.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Shire House*. to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and speedy af*

" feffing, collecting, and levying, of County Rates and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace,

" in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective " Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls,

" County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Affi^ep " or Grind Sessions are usually held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning'next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Quebec: der, a Bill tq establish a Fund, towards further defraying ^ju^ceT the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House YkP to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an eans‘ to consider further-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the' said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Westminster the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was PavinE-made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying fotne Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, clearifing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of Piccadilly, as lies between Berkeley Street, and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Comer, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

9 11 The

Quebec

Government,

ice.

Turnpike Roads: Weighing Engines, Arc.

i® — a® Junii. A. 1774.

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report,

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as (hr as Clause (A) being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put there* upon, several of them were difegreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in tire said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

of

16.

33*

‘ Mr. Thomas junior,

Mr. Gascoyne:

T £ .1 XT C Sir Charles Whitworth,

Teller, for the Noes, jMr r

So it passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Water Companies may pave over the Water Plugs.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Commissioners to advertise their Contracts.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the Lords of the Committee of Council for Plantation Affairs, Whitehall, 2d September 1765: And also,

Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the Lords of the Committee of Council for Plantation Affairs, Whitehall, July loth, 1)69: And also.

Copy of a Representation of the Board of Trade to the King, dated January 9, 1765, on Affairs of the Province of Quebec.

The Lord North also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of Memorial of the new Subjects of Quebec to His Majesty: And also.

Copy of Memorial of Canadian Subjects to the King t And also,

Copy of Memorial of the Citizens and Burgesses of Montreal to the King: And also.

Copy of Memorial of the principal Citizens of Quebec: And also,

Memorial of the principal French Inhabitants of Canada, in Support of their Petition to the King.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, is committed.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and altering an Act, made 5

in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part " of Great Britain, called England; and for other Purposesfo far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions, with relped to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly -,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackvtorth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 46. I. 16. After " Customary Copyhold," to insert " or Money in the Funds, " or on Mortgage, Bond, or " other Security."

Pr. 47. 1. 2. After " Discharge*’ to insert " other " than."

1. 22. After " Effects" to insert " other " than."

1. 27. After " Fugitive" to Insert " and " any Judge of the Court out of " which Inch Execution shall " issue, shall have Power to dise " charge the same by virtue of " this Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause, beginning in Pr. 69, 1. 27, for the Relief of Bankrupts, who for certain Causes, have not returned Home, and cannot ad in their several Occupations j

And a Debate arifingin the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

InTolveat

Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Junii

Anno 14* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

LORD John Cavendish reported from the Com- Duke of mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Devoaftire'* intituled, An Act for impowering the Most noble Le"es' William Duke of Devonshire to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke, deceased, in the County of York, was committed t That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to

report

14 Geo. III.

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sterne’* Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, therein comprized, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman dp carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Chedworth’* Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to

'EiUte. whom the ingrossed Bill 'from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands, called Leach Grove (Part of the settled Estate of the Right honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth, in the County of Gloucester) in Trustees, in Trull, to sell and convey the fame,.pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

» And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; pod acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Carftair*’ The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Estate. Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell the Whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of Kinross, in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Carfiairs, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Persons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Bruce, Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him - to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this

Vol. 34.

797

House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rice, to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice, from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Longitude for the repeal of all former Acts, concerning the Longi- *nd. tude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the av,8*aon* Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted; and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licencing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hop*, to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate* to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth (forfeited) Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Leae*. Second, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain forfeited " Estates in Scotland, to the Crown unalienably; and " for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the " fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for " the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of " Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future,"

(o far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rawmarlh for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Com- lnclcdure‘ mon lngs, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rawmarjk, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Cattle to whom the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving, the Driving of Cattle within the Cities of London and London, Sec. Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

A Message, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Royal Afleut Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several to Biu»* Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

of

2° Junii.

V

798 a° Junii. ^.1774.

of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com-

tnilfion aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Preli-dent of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Cant, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills}-which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service in North America:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, and so much of several Acts, of the Eighth, Tenth, and Twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen:

An Act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper:

An Act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of in the County of

Suney, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions:

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for annexi-ng certain forfeited Estates, in , to the Crown

" -unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the :Rents and " Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving " the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders " there for the future," so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates:

An Act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning -the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted; and also such Clauses as'relate to ' the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other'useful

Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the fame, dr shall make useful Dif-coveries in Navigation} and for the better ;making Experiments relating the reto:

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice:from His Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, di reftly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Jierre; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part , of Ame-

rica to the Southwardor the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of -Rice'from East and West Florida, and from any Part of, America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia:

An Act to prevent -Frauds in the-buying and selling of Hops:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing into One Act the

feneral Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts 'ersons from the Payment of Tolls at Side.Gates erected at-Places specified in any Act of Parliament:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the lRiver at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act to enlarge the Term andl Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second* for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and trom the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Poll in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End ;of Brown's Lane, and the South End thereof:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of To much of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County Of York, - to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankerftey Park, in the said County:

An Act for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Stones End, in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause Part of the said . Road to be lighted, watched, and watered; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County: .

An Act for enlarging the Term.and Powers.of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of;King George the Second, for repairing and widening, the Road from the Borough. of Leicester, to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the county of .Rutland, and to Wattsford, in the County of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of ampton $ and- for repairing the -Road I from the Termination of the ’ laid Road at Peterborough, to the Market Place there: .

An Act for vesting the Estate of the Honourable William Hanger, situate iivthe County of Kent, entailed by the Will of the Right honourable Gabriel Lord Coleraine, in theiKingdom of Ireland, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting One Moiety of, the: Bridge built crols St one house Creek, near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, in Trull, to raise a Moiety.of the Expences of building the same and also for enabling certain Persons to grant Building and other Leases, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, of the respective Estates deviled to him by the Wills of his Father and Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased; and likewise for veiling certain Houses in Middlesex and London, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Thorngumbald, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Thorngumbald and Paul, or one of them, in Helderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, late the Estate of Thomas Gee, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold } and for applying Part of the Monies thereby anting in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Estate} and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Walter Smyth, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of the Manor of Biuderton, and certain Lands, Tenement*, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Binderton, in -the County of Sussex, for

other

Cattle Driving in London, &c»

Quebec

Government.

Harbor's

Estate.

Flour.

14 Geo. III. Junii.'799

other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Sir ‘fames Peachey, Baronet-:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the West

Riding of the County of York

An Act for naturalizing John Michael Lange.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill to prevent ^the Mischiefs that arise from the Driving of Cattle within the Cities of London and m infer, and the Bills of Mortality, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, tie-fcFibing the Form of Conviction.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put; thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House; to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord North presented to the Housej by His Ma--jef^jy’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Petition from the new Inhabitants of Quebec to His Majesty."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Gon-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iptituled. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Qiu North America, is committed.; - '

The said Paper is preserved mxiongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Freehold fiftates, late of Robert Harbor, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, uhdet the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Charges, 'charged upon and affecting the lame; and for other the Purposes. therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned-had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them,.that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 30th May 1774, relative to the grinding of Wheat, and dressing of Flour; together with Three Accounts, referred to in the said Letter.

And the Titles of the said Letter and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Letter and Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Methods practised in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof, and how far it may be ex-Vot. 34.

pedient to put the same again under the Regulations of an Assize.

The said Letter and Accounts are preserved . amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir George Yonge reported from, the Committee, tq Bamflaple whom the'Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Barnfaple, in the County of Devotf, whose acc*

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That tM Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to repprt a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk^s Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in thq said Petition is as follows;

Your Committee proceeded to examine Mr. John Hawkridge (a Linen Draper; at Pilton, near whose Name appears to be subscribed to the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnstaple, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Dfvon (which was presented to the House upon , the Ninth Day of March last) who informed Y our Committee,

That he did not sign the said.Petition, nor authorize any Person to do it for him; and that ,his Name-Was pdt without his Privity or Consent.

Mr. George Burzacott '(a Mariner at Barnstaple, whose Name also appears to be subscribed to the said Petition) being, examined, said, That he did not. sign his Name to the said Petition, nor employed any Person to do it for him; that he failed ftentti>Barnstaple the Twenty-fecqnd of January last, and did not return till the Twenty-sixth of February; and that there is no other Person of the fame Name in Bartfafle.

Mr. John Darke (a Watchmaker at whose

Name also appears to be subscribed to the said Petition) being examined, said. That he did not sign the fame, or authorize any Person to do it for him; and does not know who put his Name to the Petition :.That he was applied to by Mr- Christopher Irwin, to sign the Petition’; who represented to -him, that therfe was a Thing smuggled up by the Mayor and Corporation, and signed by a Parcel of poor Mechanics, who would raise what Taxes they pleased upon the Inhabitants; and a/ked him if he would sign a Petition against-it; to which the Witness replied, That in that same he would sign it, if he had Ten Names; but that he did not sign it: That the Petition was not offered td him to sign, and he never saw it till he came to London: That when Mr. Irwin applied to him, he told the Witness, that Mr. Hole was going about with the Petition, and would have had him to have gone about with Mr. Hole, but he would not; and never saw Mr. Hole.mth the Petition; but was told by his Servant, that, the Petition had been brought to his House by Mr. Hole and Mr. Langdon, in his Absence.

Mr. Jacob Penbethey fa Joiner at Barnstaple, whose Name also appears to be subscribed to the said Petition) being examined, said. That he did not sign the fame,' nor authorized any Person to do it. for him, and that it was put without his Knowledge: That he did not know whose Writing it was, nor whether there is any other Person of the same Name in Barnstaple.

That his Daughter told him, Mr. Hole and Mr. Langdon had been.at his House witffa Petition, and had left Word for him to go to Mr. s House in order to sign it, but that he did not go; and that he had not seen Mr. Hole finef.

Mr. Humphry Burzacott (a Seaman at Ilfracombe, and whose Name likewise appears to be subscribed so the said Petition) being examined, said, That he did not sign his Name to it, nor authorized any Person- to do it for him, neither was he ever applied to by any Person for that Purpose; and knows no Person of the same Name as himself: — That he was not at

9 S Barnstaple

by

8oo

2° Juniu

A. 1774.

Barnstaple in February last, when the Petition was carried about to be signed, and does not think he has been there for Twelve Months past,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That he presented the Petition complained of, to the House, at the Request of Mr. William Hole.

Mr. Richard Coffin also informed Your Committee, That he introduced Mr. Hole to the said Member, at Mr. Hole's Request, who delivered the Petition to him as the County Member, in order to present it to the House.

Mr. James Martin, being examined, said, That he was employed by Mr. Hole and Mr. Irwin, as Agent for the Petition complained of; that they brought the Petition to him in March last, and desired he would do all that was necessary to get it presented to the House; that he advised them to apply to some Member to present it, and recommended one of the County Members as the proper Person; and that, a Day or Two afterwards, Mr. Hole told the Witness, he had got M#. Coffin to introduce him to one of the County Members.

That when the Petition was delivered to the Witness, it appeared to be signed; and that he acted under Mr. Hole and Mr. Irwin's Direction in this Business.

Your Committee then called Mr. William Hole; who laid. He was concerned in drawing the Petition complained of, at the Request of the Non-freemen of Barnstaple; that he penned it himself, signed his Name to it, and carried it about the Town of Barnstaple to get it signed, and believed he saw Sixty or Seventy People subscribe their Names to it; but did not fee John Darke, Jacob Penbethey, George John Hawkridge, or Humphry Burzacott sign it, nor knows who put their Names to the Petition.

That the Petition was begun to be signed at his House; that he carried it about the Town from Eight in the Morning till Three in the Afternoon, when he returned Home, accompanied by several Persons who had been round the Town with him; that he went into his Office, in order to get ready to let off for London, and left the Petition with the Company, desiring the y would finish going about with it, after they had taken some Refreshment; that about Eight of the Clock at Night, the Company sent for him, and told him they had been about with the Petition, and about Half an Hour afterwards he set off for London with it, being the Evening of the Twenty-first of February last.

That when he went into his Office, he believes about Sixty or Seventy Persons had signed the Petition; but when he returned, there appeared to be more Names to it; and that the Five Persons Names above-mentioned were not put to the Petition during the Time he went about with it: That he does not know their Handwriting, neither does he know the Hand-writing in which their Names are signed; and knows of no Person that authorized another to put his Name to the Petition, except Roger Manley, who requested Lewis Langdon to do it for him.

Mr. Christopher Irwin, being examined, laid, That he accompanied Mr. Hole to London with the Petition, but never had Possession of it himself; that he signed it at Mr. Hole's House, and went about with it for near an Hour to solicit Names; that he applied to Mr. John Darke to sign the Petition, who said he would sign it with both his Hands; that the Witness told him it was a Counter Petition against the Quay Dues, and that Mr. Hole was going about with it; but does not know whether Mr. Darke, or any of the Five Petitioners, signed the Petition; and that he applied to no Person, except Mr. Darke, to sign it.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Names of John Darke, Jacob Penbethey, Humphry Burzacott, John Hawkridge, and George Burzacott, which appeared to be subsenbed to the Petition presented to this House, upon the 9th Day of March last, were not sub-

Icribed by them to the said Petition, but were set thereto by others, without their Authority, Privity, or Consent.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 14th Day of November 1689, " That " all Petitions presented to the House ought to be signed " by the Petitioners, with their own Hands, by their " Names or Marks," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That it is highly unwarrantable, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House, for any Person to set the Name of any other Person to any Petition to be presented to this House.

An ingrotled Bill for altering and amending an Act, EIection% made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, (Scotland.) intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws " touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality,

" and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at " such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Sendee of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by -a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made, was read the Third' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in " Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called k Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election . of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in couffe to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made.

Ordered \That the I*ord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million of Annuities the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum An- Lotte* nuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishifig a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to establish a Fund, towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.. Mr.

Quebec

Administrafioo

of Justice.

Turnpike

Roms:

Weighing

Engines.

Toxteth

Park

Chapel.

Lewilham

Church.

Quebec

Government.

Insolvent

Debtors.

14 Geo. III. 2 — 3

Mr. Mackworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and altering an Act, made in the 13 th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of " Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Pur polesfo far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes, was' recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughdut; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a New Church or Chapel, erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Major General , Governor of

the Province of Quebec, do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That William Esquire, Chief Justice of the said Province, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Doctor James Marriott, His Majesty’s Advocate General, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Lotbiniere, Esquire, do attend

the said Committee, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, on the Amendment Yesterday proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Yol. 34.

Junii. 801

Vinerts, 30 die Junii;

Anno 14* Georgii III"* Regis, 1774.

P* AYERS.

SIR Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrosshd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named, to raise Money, by Sale of certain Estates of John Smithy. and James Smith, his Son, in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative of Sir Jo/ephJekyll, Knight, deceased, to fell Tett thousand rounds South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on Ten thousand Pound* East India Stock; and for applying the same as therein is mentioned; without any Amende ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping Navigable " the Rivers of Aire and Colder, in the County of York?

and for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from Weeland, to the River; and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at ths^ld Brick Garth, at Ouze Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at , and frv.in the Malton GuidePoft, to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the1 "County of York; and for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Smith’s

Effete.

Loads or Exchequer Bills.

Jekyll’t South Set, *c. Stock.

Utensils: Cotton, &G. Matafadure.

Westminffter

Nightly Watch, 6tc,

Aire tad Calder Navigation.

Beverley to Hefcle, Ice. Roads.

Balmbrough,

&c.

Manors.

Wed more, &c. Inclosure.

Turnpike Roads: Weighing Kngines, &c,

Dickerdine’s

Name.

Popham’s

Divorce.

802

M 1774.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extinction of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoefton, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several

Redons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground lying contiguous to the said Manors; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Wastes, called or known by the Names of IVedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, Tadham and Teel Moor, and Mndgeley Moor, within the Parish of IVedmore.,in the county of ;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " now' in being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for " other Purposes ;" so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of I lories to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes; was read the Third 'rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of llis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, *' for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of " Great Britain called England;, and for other Purposes;" so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Dickcrditie, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice Fellowe, and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Fellozve, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the ThircTTime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth dp carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the (vhole House, upon the ingrossfeB Bill from the Lords, intijtuled. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Gen-

tleman, with Ann Yate Whiteside, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now tead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempjier reported from the Committee, That

they had heat'd Counsel, and examined Witnesses for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before tire Committed to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

' Resolved, That this House will, up6h Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ihgrofled Bill for remedying fotne Defects in the Westminster several Acts passed for paving, cleansing. lighting, and 'Paving, &c. reglilatifig,-the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Wflminster and Parts adjacent; and for watering such Part of Piccadilly, as lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for remedying some Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent; and for watering such Part of Piccadilly, as lies between Berkeley Street and the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire thfiir Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise Cattle from the driving of Cattle, within the Cities of London Driving, and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be," An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving of Cattle, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver da carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Robinson preferited to the House, pursuant to the Militia. iDirections of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Annual Returns of the Militia, at the Time of Annual Exercise,' in the Year 1773: And also.

Copies of such Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, ‘for the YeaT 1773, as have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. John Stewart reported from the Committee, to colebrook* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estatei. Act for vesting the Estates late of Colebrooke,

Esquire, deceased, in the County of in Trustees, to

be fold, and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s. Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stewart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Mr.

Baliol

College

Estates.

Insolvent Debtors, &c.

Quebec

Government.

Annuities

and

Lottery.

14 Geo. III. 30 Junii.803

Mr. John Stewart reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol in the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and,

to William Pearce Hall and John Woodhouse, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conl'ent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stewart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors,

" with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and " to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for " their Creditors Benefit," so far as the same relates to the Discharge of Persons out of Prison under certain Conditions therein mentioned , and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments without Leave of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lotidon, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America; which Bill, the Petitioners alledge, will, in all Civil Cafes, take away the Exercise of the EngLaw', and that sacred Part of it the Trial'by Jury, and will substitute in its Stead the French Law of Canada, whereby the Freedom of the Person, and Security of the Property, of His Majesty’s Subjects will be rendered very precarious; and Setting forth. That, if the said Bill passes into a Law, the Roman Catholic will be the only legal established Religion, without any Provision being made for the free Exercise of the Protestant Religion, which may prove greatly injurious and oppressivef to His Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, who do now, or may hereafter, reside in the said Province; and that the Legislative Power is veiled solely in Persons appointed during Pleasure by the Crpwn, which is totally inconsistent with the Liberty and Principles of the English Constitution: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million

Vol. 34.

of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed-him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, Th%t this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an" Mean*‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Quebec whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill Government, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more ef- fedtual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Lieutenant General Murray, late Governor of Canada, and present Governor of the Town of do

attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next 5 ,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Thomas Townshend, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, <Junior, > 36.

(Mr. Phipps: J

Tellers for tfte Noes,|} 9°-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

9T

804 6* Junii. 1774.

Luna, 6° die Junii 5

Anno 140 Georgii III. U Regis, 1774. Prayers.

Gold and A ftR- Jenkinson presented to the House, according to

Silver Coin; 1VX Order, a Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Weights. Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pulteney’i enab]e the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parlia-Estate. ment> passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving further " Powers to the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the " Trustees of the Will of the late General and

other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and " exchange Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of " wick, in the County of for the Purpose of

" making certain Roads and Ways to, and from, a free " Bridge by them intended to be built over the River " Avon, in the said County, and also to impower the " Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the Time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain " Lands and Houses in the said Manor, and likewise to «« enable the said Trustees, to grant certain Grounds and " Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bathwick, " to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and " for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, " Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor «« of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of Leafing " given by the said Act, to the Persons therein named; " and for other Purposes," to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Jier, Mr. Lockhart, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Baker’* Sir Charles Whitzvortk reported from the Committee,

Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for enabling and empowering Trustees to accept, grant, and make. Building and other Leases, Contracts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Premises, late of William , Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and all other his Personal Estates, and the Interest, Dividends, and Proceed thereof, and apply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him lo report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any 'Amendment.

Annoiiie* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported awl from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Lottery. gj]j for redeeniing the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in

H

the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. j

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Insolvent adjourned Debate on the Amendment, which, upon Wed- Debtor*. nesday last, was proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; v

Pr. 53. 1. 23. To leave out the Proviso, from the Beginning of the Line, to " and" in line 31.

Pr. 70. 1. 3. After "Two" to insert" and who having in all Things conformed themselves to the several Acts now in " Force relating to Bankrupts, by " their Surrender and Submission " thereto, and who have not been *< committed for any Act of Contumacy or Non-Conformity; yet w ho " hath not or have not gained a total " Discharge from his, her, or their Creditors, of his, her, or their " Debts, under such Commission."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth..do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Popham’* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham, Gentleman, with Ann Tate Whiteside, his bow Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had further heard Counsel, and examined several other Witnesses; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Shire resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hoofe*, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers &c* of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more cal'y and speedy assessing, collecting, and levying, of County Rates;" and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the " General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties

" and

i4 Geo. III. 6° — f'Juniu 805

" and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County " Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or " Grand Sessions are usually held," To far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Quebec: The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

*° ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to establish a Fund, towards further defraying the Chaises of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America.

Resolved', That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Quebec The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Government, whole House, to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

Insolvent A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in

Debtors, the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, " with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons,

and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execur " tion in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit," so far as the same relates to the Discharge of Persons out of Prison under certain Conditions therein mentioned; and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments without Leave of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

worth, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 34.

Mart is, 7° dieJutiii\

Anno 14* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Pra Vers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr

and M t-Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rate of for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Imereti,

Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to rediuce the Rate of Interest without any Prejudice to " Parliamentary Securities j" without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great ^-for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins 5 without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DiAiller*. to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Ah lowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported, and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cotton for ascertaining the Duties on printed, painted, stained, Staffs-or dyed, Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain-, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ntwcaftte for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, w0wn and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses, °°r‘ of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of the Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively; without any Amendment: And also,

- The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hollowell, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Aec. Common Heath, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Inclosure* dows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell, in the Parish of Guilfborough, in the County of N; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hellidon for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the county of ;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pop ham’* to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Gentleman, Divorce,

with Ann Tate Whiteside, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N»tar«i;*«ion to prevent certain Inconveniences, that may happen by Bills of Naturalization, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

Quebec:

Adroinistration

of Justice.

Annuities

and

Lottery.

Gold and Silver Coin: Weights.

Laleham

Inclosure.

806 70 — -8° Junii. . 1774.

Ordered, That Mr- Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bili to establish a Fund, towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the-Pro-vjnee of Quebec, in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill,: and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per . Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Mr.. Norton reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and . Commons, in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of . Middlesex and Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and- that' the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Thirteen Houses entitled to Right of Common, and the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 35/. 4r. 6 per Annum, who refused to lign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 9J. per Annum, who could not be found; and that the whole ^Number of Houses having Right of Common is Eighty, and the Whole of the said Lands are rated to the Land 1 ax at 168/. 2 s.6d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the'Question severally put thereupon, Several df them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraining the Commissioners from setting out a Road over Laleham South Field.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

for saving the Rights of Persons entitled to the Tithes.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the - Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Quebec to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Government; to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and

that he was directed by the Committee to move, that "

they may have Leave to fit again.

And it being Half an Hour after Tw'elve of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve shim itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the House*.

Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the -Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and speedy affelling, collecting, and levying, of County Rates;" and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the " General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties *' and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Allizes or " Grahd Sessions are usually held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

Mercurii, 8° Junii;

Anno 140 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1774,.

Prayers.

f\Rdeud, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the Offices and Committee Rooms belonging to this House; and to consider the State thereof; and how far it is necessary to make any, and what, Alterations; or to erect additional Buildings for those Purposes; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, with a Plan and Estimate of such Alterations or Additions.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Burke, Lord

House: Offices mud Committee Rooms.

j

insolvent

Debtors,

&c.

Gold and Silver Coin: Weights.

Quebec

Government.

14 Geo. III. 8 Junii.807

North, &c.: And they are to meet upon Friday Motn- establish a Fund, towards further defraying the -Charges ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in Records. America, was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had Mr. Mack worth reported from the Committee, to directed him to report to the House; and he read the whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, inti- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tuled " An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with the Amendments were Once read throughout; and " respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question " oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

" Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not ex- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " ceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Dif- ingossed.

" covery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for

" their Creditors Benefit," so far as the same relates to An ingossed Bill to continue several Law's therein Law», the Discharge of Persons out of Prison under certain mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Expiring. Conditions therein mentioned; and to prevent Actions Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; being brought upon Judgments without Leave of the to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have preventing Frauds relating to the Customs j to the En-been entered up respectively, was committed; That the couragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking Committee had gone through the Bill, and made off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and re-several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed ducingother Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running him to report to the House; and he read the Report of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the in hisPiace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Premiums upon Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth the Report was read. of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations inter

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be luf- prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad; ficient for the Use of the Members of the House. and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain-, to the Bounty on the Exportation of A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common- Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides altyof the Mystery of Founders, of the City of London, and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice America-, to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the of the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Weights Customs and Naval Officers in America; and to the pre-to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver venting the spreading of the contagious Disorder amdng Coin of this Kingdom; and Setting forth, That King the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, was read the Third James the First did, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Time.

18th Day of September, in the Twelfth Year of his ' Refo That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Reign, constitute the Founders of the City of London, be, An Act to continue several Laws- therein men-and the Suburbs thereof, and others the Freemen of the tioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the said Mystery, One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported;

Name of " Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and " Mystery of Founders of the City of London and preventing Frauds-relating to the Customs; to the En-did, by the said Letters Patent, amongst other Things, couragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking direct, that they should, for ever after the making of the off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and re-laid Letters Patent, have, take, and enjoy, the fizing and ducing other Duties; to prevent theclandestine Running marking of all Brass Weights made or wrought, dr to of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to thfe be made or wrought,; fold, or kept for Sale, within the Premiums upon Mails, Yards, arid Bowsprits, Tar* said City of London, or within Three Miles thereof; Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the G rGfvth and also should have the View and Search of all Brass of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America-j to Weights, and Brass 'and Copper Works whatsoever, the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico? to the within the said Limits; and of all the'Weights of any prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad,

Kind made beyond the Seas, or brought into the City, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Bri-or within Three Miles thereof, to be sold; and that the' tain-, to the Bounty on the Exportation of Britisft-m£dt‘ laid Company hath Standards, of Brass avoirdupois Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Rato Hides and Brass Troy Weights, which were had and received, and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in by them at the Exchequer, from the Commissioners of America-, to the regulating the ’ Fee‘i of! Officers of the!

His Majesty’s Treasury, the Chamberlains, and their' Customs and Naval Officers* in; to the pre-

Deputies, there to be kept and used for the Use and venting the spreading of the contagious Disorder imong Benefit of the said Company, in fizing all Manner of the Horned Cattle in Great f and to extend the

Brass Weights; and have, from their Incorporation Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth-^Year of the Reigni hitherto, justly sized, marked, viewed, arid searched, of King George the First, for the Improvement of His all Manner of Brass Weights, according to the Tenor Majesty’s Revenues ol Custdths, Excise, andf Hiland of the said Letters Patent; and that, if the said Bill. Duties, so far as relates to the comMenting Profecutions should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend that for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs, jqjfubr the Rights and Powers granted them by the said Letters sequent Acts.

Patent, respecting the fizing, marking, viewing, and Ordered, That S\r Charles fVfyitworth do carry the Bill searching of Brass Weights, will be wholly taken away: to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And therefore praying the House, Thatthfcy maybe

heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the Mr. presented to the House, according jto Appropriation;

feme may not pass into a Law. . 1 Order, a Bill for granting so His Majesty a certain Sum SinkingFuud,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the’ of Money out of the Sinking Fund} and for ap^m

Table. - ' certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service ortmr

..... Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fotir;

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of >lo-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ney, which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise:'

VOL.34. 9 U And

8o8 8° — 10° \ 1774-

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Quebec Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Government to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, be now read.

And thfe said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com* raittce.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Laleham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosw*. Fields and Commons in the Manor of Laleham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 17. To leave out from " said" to " provided, " in Line 39.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allotting and dividing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of , in the Coun-

ties of Middlesex and Surrey.

Ordered, That Captain Johnstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shire Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House House*. to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and " speedy assessing, collecting, and levying, of County " Ratesand of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the " Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their rei'pective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, " County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the " Affixes or Grand Sessions are usually held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Hoofes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris^ 10* die Junii\

Anno 14® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

Appopriition t Ty.fR. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s SinkingFood, 1YJL Command,

&c- A Paper, intituled, " Report by the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Petition of Lady An* " MKenzie."

8

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a Certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Then the Paper, intituled, Report by the Barons " of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Petition of Lady " Ann McKenzie," was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable the Barons of the Exchequer, in Scotland, to nuke out a Certificate for the Payment of Five hundred Pounds to Lady Ann M'Kenzie, out of the Balance of Seventy-two thousand Pounds granted for paying the Creditors of the Forfeited Estates iu Scotland.

Mr. Burke, reported from the Committee, who were House 1

appointed to inspect the Offices and Committee Rooms Offices and belonging to this House; and to consider the State Committee thereof; and how far it is necessary to make any, and Rooms' what, Alterations, or to erect additional Buildings for those Purpol'es; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, with a Plan and Estimate of such Alterations or Additions; that the Committee had inspected the same accordingly, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The most convenient Alterations to be immediately carried into Execution appear to your Committee to be as follow;

First, In the Offices belonging to the Four chief Clerks out of Doors, to throw the Room, now occupied by the Clerk of the Fees, into that Office, and to pull down the East Front Wall, and enlarge the whole Building at least Four Feet in Breadth, and to divide the whole into Four separate Seats, One for each Clerk.

Secondly, To widen the Passage between these Offices and the Room now occupied by the Clerk of the Journals, and to apply the said Room, and the adjoining Chamber, to the Use of the Clerk of the Fees.

Thirdly, To build an additional Chamber for a Committee Room, of the same Size of the intended Room below, over the Offices designed for the Four Committee Clerks.

Fourthly, To enlaige the Passage from the Lobby to these Offices, and to build a Staircase up to the pew Committee Room.

Fifthly, To turn the two long Rooms over the long Gallery into a Court of Wards, and a Room for the Clerk of the Journals; and to stop up the Communication between these Chambers and the Smoaking Room.

Sixthly, To convert the present Court of Wrards into a large Committee Room.

Seventhly, The Election Chamber to be converted into a Committee Room, with a Fire Place, and to make the Seats removable.

Eigjrthly, To alter the Secretary’s Room, and Vote

Office,

Swinburne’s

Estate.

14 Geo. III.

io

Junii,

809

Office, by enlarging the fame, railing the Ceiling, and giving it more Light.

Ninthly, To enlarge the Serjeartt's Room, by carrying it to the further Staircase, and lighten it by a Skylight.

Tenthly, To make such Improvements in the Lobby, and Approaches to it, as may be thought necessary and convenient for the Accommodation of Persons attending on the House.

Eleventhly, To heighten and make more commodious the Apartments now belonging to the House-"keeper.

These Alterations your Committee would recommend to be immediately carried into Execution; but they further beg Leave to represent to the House, That it would tend further to the Accommodation of the Committees of this House, if the Building, at present occupied by the Office of Ordnance, was appropriated to the Use of this House, other convenient Apartments being first provided for the Office of Ordnance.

And your Committee having taken the Opinion of Mr. Taylor, Architect, of what will be the Expence of the Alterations, which your Committee recommend to be immediately carried into Execution, he is of Opinion, that the same will not exceed the Sum of £. 1,200.

And your Committee further observe. That it may be proper to make use of Mr. Hartley % Fire Plates in such Parts of the Buildings adjoining to this House as they may be thought suitable to.

Mr. Burke also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for the improving and enlarging the several Offices and Committee Rooms belonging to this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

And Mr. Burke moved the House accordingly j Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for the improving and enlarging the several Offices and Committee Rooms belonging to this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Simonburne, in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the fame, in the Manner therein-mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BHl, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching " the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons " in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," by altering the Time of Notice, ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elections; and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Vox.. 34.

T urnpike Roads: Weighing Engines, &c.

Buildings and Party Walls.

Thames

Navigation.

Sail

Cloth.

Crown when such Election is made; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and'altering an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, intituled,

" An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act " of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England j and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional lolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions, with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities ctf London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon,

Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at in the County of

Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Pore effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London , within the Liberties of the City of; and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle, within the Cities of London and Westmirtfer, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor, and Township of in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee imported into Coffee, that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the &c* Customs paid thereon, from Christmas 1764 to Christntas 1773 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from Coffee of the British Plantations; and also from what Places the same has been imported:

And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Customs drawn back thereon, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1773 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from Coffee of the British Plantations; and also to what Places the same has been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

Cattle

Driving

in

London, 5c c.

Graftham

Inclosure.

8io

io° Junii.

A. 1774.'

Gold «nd Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Wrightt. *° re^ve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use ot in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Qnebcc An ingrossed Bill to establish a Fund, towards further Administmioa defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, Justice. and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to establish a Fund, towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America.

Ordered, That Sh- Char lei Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Quebec Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Government. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North was

committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and'afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that Thomas Penn, Esquire, who petitioned this House, upon the 31st Day of May last, on Behalf of himself, and of John Esquire, true and absolute Proprietaries of the Province of Penfyhania, and the Three Lower Counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Sussex, on Delawar, in America, praying to be heard by Counsel upon the Matter of the said Petition; and which Petition was then ordered to He upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, declined being now heard by Counsel upon the said Petition;

The said Report was read; - and the Amendments are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 11J Leave out " Part of the Territory and > " of Canada " and insert " Extent

13.) "of Country."

1.19. Leave out " other," and insert " cer*

" tain ;" and leave out " said Country," and insert " Territory of " Can." 1. 34. Leave out " said."

1. 35. 1 Leave out " heretofore Part of the and > " Province of ."

36.3

1. 37 1 Leave out " extending Southward to and > " the Banks of, " and insert " be-

38. J " longing to the Crown of Great . " Britain, bounded on the South by * a Line from the Bay of,

" along the high Lands which divide " the Rivers that empty themselves " into the River Lawrence

" from those which fall into the Sea,

" to a Point in Forty-five Degrees of " Northern Latitude, on the Eastern Banks of the Lake Cham-plain,

" directly West, keepi ng the same Latitude, until it meets the River " Saint Lawrence-, from thence, up

" the Eastern Banks of the said River/ " to the Lake Ontario; thence " . ’through the Lake Ontario, and the " River commonly called Niagara;

" and thence through the Lake Erie . " to the North Western Angle of the " Bounds granted by the Charter of " the Province of Pensylvania; and " from thence along the Western " Bounds of the said'Province, until " the said Line strike."

1. 38. After " Ohio" insert " and along the " Bank of the said River."

Pr. 2. 1. 4. Leave out " which said" and insert " also all such."

1. 5, Leave out " are not within the Limits

6, f " of some other British Colony, as and f " allowed and confirmed by the

7. J " Crown, or."

I.16. After "Three" insert" Provided always, That nothing herein contained, relative to the Boundary of " the Province of Quebec, shall in " anywise affect the Boundaries of " any other Colony."

1. 26. Leave out * amounting," and insert " amounted."

1. 27. Leave out " One hundred," and insert " Sixty-five."

Pr. 3. 1. 16. Leave out from " Quebec" to " may," in Line 22.

1.36,*) Leave out " nothing herein contained

37, ( " shall extend, or beconftruedto

and " extend, to the disabling," and in-

38. J fert " it shall be lawful for."

1. 39. Leave out " from making," and insert " to make ;" and after " Provision" " insert " out of the rest of the Taid accustomed Dues and Rights."

Pr. 4. 1. 4. After Clause (A.)

expedient" insert Clause (A.)

" Provided always, and be it Ena fted. That no Person prbfeffing the " Religion of the Church of Rotne'^n

" residing in the said Province, shall " be obliged to take* the Oath required by the said Statute, passed " in the First Year of the Reign of " Queen Elizabeth, or any other " Oaths substituted by any other Act " in the Place thereof; but that every " such Person who by the said Statute " is required to take the Oath therein " mentioned, shall be obliged, and " is hertoy required, to take and *. subscribe the following Oath before the Governor, or such other " Person, or in such Court of Record as His Majesty shall appoint; " who are hereby authorized to administer the same;

" I A. B.do sincerely promise

" and swear, That I will be faithful " and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King arid him

" will defend to the utmtoffiof my " Power, against all traiterous Con-<l spiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against-. His " Person, Crown, and Dignity; and " I will do my utmost Endeavour to " disclose and make known to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all Treasons and traiterous " Conspiracies and Attempts which " I shall know to be against Him, " or any of them: And all this I do " swear, without any Equivocation,

" mental

14 Geo. III. 10° Junk. 811

" mental Evasion, or secret Reservation, and renouncing all Pardons " and Dispensations from any Power " or Person whomsoever to the contrary. So help me GOD.

" And every" such Person who " shall neglect or refuse to take the " said Oath before mentioned, shall " incur, and be liable to the same " Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, " and Incapacities, as he would " have incurred, and been liable to, " for neglecting or refusing to take " the Oath required by the said Statute, palfed in the First Year of " the Reign of Queen ."

1. 22. After " Canad" insert " as the Rule." 1. 29. Leave out " by the Judges of the " fame."

1. 31. Leave out " and the several," and insert " until they shall be varied or " altered by any."

1. 38. After " mentioned" insert " Provided " always. That nothing in this Act " contained shall extend, or be con(trued to extend, to any Lands " that have been granted by His Majesty, or shall hereafter be " granted by His Majesty, His " Heirs and Successors, to be holden " in free and common Socage."

1. 39. Leave out " always," and insert " also."

Pr. 5. 1. 9. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to

" And," in Line 15, and insert" such " Will being executed, eitheraccording to the Laws of Canada, or " according to the Forms prescribed " by the Laws of England."'

Pr. 6. 1. 36. Leave out " full."

1. 40. After " Province" insert " such Rates " and Taxes only excepted, as the " Inhabitants of any Town or District within the said Province may " be authorized by the said Council " to assess, levy, and apply, within " the said Town or District, for the " Purpose of making Roads, erecting and repairing public Buildings, or for any other Purpose " respecting the local Convenience " and (Economy of such Town or " District."

Pr. 7. 1. 18. After " Council" insert " where less " than a Majority of the whole " Council is present, or at any - " Time."

At the End of the Bill add Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " Provided always, and it is here-

" by Enacted, That nothing in this " Act contained shall extend, or be " construed to extend, to repeal, or " make void, within the said Pro- vince of Quebec, any Act or Acts " of the Parliament of Great,

" heretofore made, for prohibiting, " restraining, or regulating, the " Trade or Commerce of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations " in America; but that all and every " the said Acts, and also all Acts of " Parliament heretofore made, concerning or respecting the said " Colonies and Plantations, shall be, " and are hereby declared to be, in " Force within the said Province of " Quebec, and every Part thereof."

Vol, 34.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. r. 1. 37 and 38, being severally read a Second Time, were> upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 1.1. 37 and 38, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the First Word " Banks," and inserting the Word, " Bank" instead thereof; and by inserting, after the Words " of the," and before the Words, " Lake Champlain" the Words " River , keeping the same Latitude, directly West, through the;" and by leaving out, after the Words " Lake Champlain," the Words " dire<5lly West, keeping," and inserting the Words " until in" instead thereof; and by leaving out, after the Words " same Latitude," the Word " until;" and by leaving out the Second Word " Banks," and inserting the Word " Bank" instead thereof; and also by leaving out from the Word " Niagara" to the End of the Amendment, and inserting the Words " along " by the Eastern and South Eastern Bank of Lake Erie, " following the said Bank, until the same shall be interfecled by the Northern Boundary granted by the " Charter of the Province of ,id case the same shall be so interfered; and from thence along " the said Northern and Western Boundaries of the " said Province, until the said Western Boundary strike " the Ohio. But in case the said Bank of the said Lake " shall not be found to be so interfered, then following " the said Bank, until it shall arrive at that Point of " the said Bank which shall be nearest to the North " West Angle of the said Province of Pensylvania; and " thence, by a right Line, to the said North West " Angle of the said Province; and thence, along the " Western Boundary of the said Province, until it " strike" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the First Word, " Banks" (land Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question bein^put, That the Word " Bank" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That after the Words " of the," and before the Words " Lake ," the

Words " River Conneblicut, keeping the same Latitude, " directly West, through the" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That after the Words " Lake Champlain" the Words " directly West, keep-" ing" (land Part of the Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " until in" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Words " same Latitude" the Word " until" (land Part of the Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Second Word " Banks" (land Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word "Bank" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words from the Word " Niagara" to the End of the Amendment, (land Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " along by the Eastern and South Eastern Bank of " Lake Erie, following the said Bank, until the same " shall be interfered by the Northern Boundary " granted by the Charter of the Province ot Pensylvania, in case the same shall be so inieiiedled; and " from thence along the said Northern and Western " Boundaries of the said Province, until the said

9 X " Western

8i*

io° — 13° Junii.

A. 1774.

" Western Boundary strike the Ohio. But in case the " said Bank of the said Lake shall not be found to be so " interfered, then following the said Batik until it shall " arrive at that Point of the said Bank which shall be " nearest to the North West Angle of the said Province " of Pensylvania; and thence, by a right Line, to the said North West Angle of the said Province; and " thence along the Western Boundary of the said Province, until it fthke*’ be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as FoUoweth; viz.

Leave out " extending Southward to the Banks of," and insert " belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, bounded on the South by a Line from the " Bay of Chaleitrs, along the high Lands which divide " the Rivers that empty themselves into the River " Saint Lawrence from those which fall into the Sea,

" to a Point in Forty-five Degrees of Northern Latitude, on the Eastern Bank of the River Connecticut, " keeping the same Latitude, directly West, through " the Dike Champlain, until, in the same Latitude, it " meets the River Saint Lawrence; from thence, up the " Eastern Bank of the said River, to the Lake Ontario; " thence through the Lake Ontario, and the River commonly called Niagara, along by the Eastern and South " Eastern Bank of Lake Erie, following the said Bank " until the same shall be interfered by the Northern " Boundary granted by the Charter of the Province of " Pensylvania, in case the same shall be so interfeded;

" and from thence along the said Northern and Western " Boundaries of the said Province, until the said Western " Boundary strike the Ohio. But in case the said Bank " of the said Lake shall not be found to be so interfeded, then following the said Bank, until it shall " arrive at that Point of the said Bank which shall be " nearest to the North West Angle of the said Province " of Pensylvania; and thence, by a Right Line, to the " said North West Angle of the said Province; and " thence along the Western Boundary of the said " Province until it strike."

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing shall be construed to extend to make void or alty any Right or Title derived under any Grant, cr otherwise, to any Lands within the said Province, or the Provinces adjoining.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enabled, " That nothing in this Act contained shall " extend, or be construed to extend, to " make void, or to vary, or alter, any " Right, Title, or Possession, derived under any Grant, Conveyance, or otherwise " howsoever, of or to any Lands within <l the said Province, or the Provinces " thereto adjoining, but that the same " shall remain, and be in Force, and have " Effect, as if this Act had never been " made."

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in all Trials relating to Property and Civil Rights, where the Value shall exceed a certain Sum, either of the contending Parties may demand a Trial by Jury, constituted according to the Laws of England, and that the Issue between the Parties shall be determined by the Verdict of such Jury, and not otherwise.

And the said Clause was Once read with a Blank; and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

SMr. Mackvjorth,

Mr. Thomas > 40.

Junior: J

Tellers for the Noes, { } 83.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making temporary that Part of the Bill which relates to the Legislative Qouncil.

And the said Clause was Once read with a Blank. And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It palfed in the Negative,

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for establishing Rules to be observed in the making of Ordinances.

And the said Clause was Once read with Blanks.

And the Question being put, That the said Clafife be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to, the Bill, in Pr. 4. 1. 8. by leaving out the Words " the Religious " Orders and'Communities only excepted."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 5. 1. 16. by inserting, after the Word " England,"the Words " and of the English Laws of

" Habeas Corpus, and Bail in Cafes of Commitment." And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

’ I Mr.:

Tellers for the Nn-s 1 ^r‘ tellers for the Woes, j Mr w john.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 6. 1. 31. by inlerting, after the Word " Authority," the Words " in open Council."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

j 76*

Lunce, 130 die Jum

Anno 14" Georgii III*11 Regis,

Prayers.

MR. Dempster, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving further Powers to the Trustees named " in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth " Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the " late General Pnlteney, and other Trustees appointed " by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and " Grounds, in the Manor of in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads

" and Ways to, and from, a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon, in the said

" County,

General

Pulteney’a

Bathwick.

Estate.

14GR0. HI. 130

" County, and also to impovvcr the Persons in Possession " of the said Ellaie for the Time being, under the said <c Will, to grant Leafos of certain Lands and Houses " in the said Manor, and likewise to enable the said " Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of " Water within the said Manor of to the

" Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of; and for

extending tire Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Alder-IVrajpn, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of ft*tUvthwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; " and for enlarging the Powers of Leafing given by the " said Act, to the Persons therein named; and for " other Purposes," to raile a Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned liad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report t, Jie Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.1

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. D.do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Gold Coin: Mr. Jetikinson presented to the House, according to

Deficiency. Order, a Bill for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in, and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of accounting for the Deficiency of the said Coin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b# read a Second Time;

Gold an<i Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Silver Coin $ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Weight*. jjpon gin for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Founders of the City of London, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday fall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

House: Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the

Offices and House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Committee Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions Rooms, for the improving and enlarging the several Offices and Committee Rooms belonging to this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His’ Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie vvili give Directions accordingly.

Appropriation: Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

sinking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fund, Sec, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum ot Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, fer the Service of the Year One thoulanu Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum

VOL. 34.

Juniu 813

of Money which hatHarilen by the Two-sevenths Excise, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arile by the Sale of the Ceded Islands, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Quebec Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Government. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of , in North

America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the Fifth Day of March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven, in relation to the Bill for the better Payment of Church Rates, Small Tithes, and other Church Duties; and for the better passing of Churchwardens Accounts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the Ninth Day of February One thousand Six hundred and Ninety one, in relation to One of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Tithes, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUersfoMUYc*{ } *

Telle* for I He Noes, j ^: } 2°'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord lh ips.

Mr. Bidler, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain, pre-

fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Flour, Victualling, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, elated Tenth June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, relative to the grinding of Wheat and dressing of Flour; together with Two Accounts referred to in the said Letter: And also.

Copy

Shire

Houses,

Poval

A font to

Bills.

814 J 3* — T4

Copy of a letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty,

dated Eleventh June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, relative to the dressing of Flour.

And the Titles of the said Letters and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Letters and Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Methods practised in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof, and how far it may be expedient to put the same again under the Regulations of an Assize; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Letters and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being lead;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee <£ the whole I Joule, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in «the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " eai'y and speedy alfefling, collecting, and levying, of " County Rates;" and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions " of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair " the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, " wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually " held," lb far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 140 Junii;

Anno 140 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Gentle-

man Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the-immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl of Rochford, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notiiy the Royal Assent to the said Hills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four:

’ Junii A. 1774.

An Act to prevent the Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom:

An Act for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain; and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations:

An Act to extend so much of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present M^eftyj as relates to Distillers, or Makers of Low Wines^and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and uled in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures:

An Act for reducing the Rjttes and Duties payable upon the Importation of Great Raisins:

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty:

An Act to prevent certain Inconveniences; that may happen by Bills of Naturalization:

An Act for explaining an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice " to Parliamentary Securities

An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle, within the Cities of London and,

and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality:

An Act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of; and

to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the " Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in " Parliament,' for that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate " the Conduct, of Returning Officers at fuel) Elections,’* by altering the Time of Notice ordered by the said Act to be given in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Fdecti«n of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an E;ect;on, happens to be' reduced and made void by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown when such Election is made:

An Act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and few the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Pari (lies, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against: the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for ereCfing Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law:

An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into. One Act of Parliament, the General Laws

" now

14 Geo. III. 14" j

now in being, for regulating of Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England; and for " other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpikes Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular Cafes:

An Act to enable His Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the Personal Representative of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, deceased, to fell Ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on Ten thousand Pounds East India Stock; and for applying the tame as therein is mentioned:

An Act for establishing a new Church, or Chapel, erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the making and keeping " Navigable the Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of York;" and for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from to the River

Ouze and for making a Navigable Canal, from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlefey, to the River Ouze, at the Old Brick Garth, at Ouze Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malt on Guide Post, to the Gravel Pits at Coitingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for impowering the Moll noble William Duke of Devonshire, to make Leases of Mines and Quarries, within the Estates late of Richard Earl of Burlington and Corke deceased, in the County of York:

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands, called Eafi Leach Grove (Part of the settled Estate of the Right honourable Frederick Henry Lord Chedworth) in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell and

convey the fame, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act to enable Sir Edward Swinburne, Baronet, to charge certain Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Edlingham and Sim in the County of Northumberland, or either of them, late the Estate of Sir John Swinburne, Baronet, deceased, after he shall have cultivated and improved the same in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting divers Freehold Estates, late of Robert Barbor, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and Charges, charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: ,

An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell the Whole, or such Parts and Portions, of the Estate and Barony of in the County of Kinross, belonging to James Bruce Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same; and for settling the Remainder of the said Estate and Barony, in Tail, on the same Per-l'ons, and to the same Uses and Purposes, as mentioned in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Bruce, Baronet, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Y One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three:

\ oL. 34.

unit. 815

An Act to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to raise Money by Sale of certain Estates of John Smith, and James Smith, his Son, in the City of Coventry, and

County of the same City, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances; and other Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Powers of Sale and Revocation of Uses, contained in the Marriage Articles and Settlement of Richard Sterne, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, therein comprized:

An Act for enabling and impowering Trustees to accept, grant, and make, Building and other Leases, Contracts, and Agreements, of certain Messuages, Lands, and Premisses, late of William Baker, Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Peter William Baker, an Infant; and also, during such Minority, to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, and all other his Personal Estates, and the Interest, Dividends, and Proceed thereof, and apply the same as in the Act mentioned; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting the Estates late of James Cole-brooke, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates to be settled to the feme Uses, subject to the Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol College, in the University of Oxford, in their Collegiate Capacity, to convey certain Lands and Possessions belonging to the said College, in the Counties of Salop and Radnor, to William Pearce Hall and John -house, Esquires, in Exchange for other Lands in the County of Radnor, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them respectively, to the Uses, and upon the Trulls, therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming to the resident Freemen or Burgesses, and resident Widows of deceased Freemen or Burgesses of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, their full Right and Benefit to the Herbage of The Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, within the Liberties of the said Town, for Two Milch Cows each, in such Manner as has been used; and for improving the Herbage of the said Town Moor, Castle Leazes, and Nuns Moor, respectively:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, called or known by the Names of Wedmore Moor, Churchland Moor, Tadham, and Yeel Moor, and Mudgeley Moor, within the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Extindtion of Right of Intercommon, and Exchanges, of certain Lands, in Balmbrough, Shoefton, and Sunderland, in the County of Northumberland, made between the several Persons interested therein; and for appointing Arbitrators, to settle the Claims of the respective Lords of the Manors of Hexham and Blanchland, in the said County, to a Tract of disputed Ground, lying contiguous to the said Manors:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Hellidon, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Hollowell, in the Parish of Guiljborough, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor and Township of Graffham, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Stephen Popham, 9 Y Gentleman,

Flour,

8r 6

14° Junii.

A. 1774.

Gentleman, with Ann Yate his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again ;and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable George Dicker dine, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name and Surname of Rice Fellovje, and to bear the Arms of Fellowe, pursuant to the Will of Rice Felloive, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Pownall reporteddrom the Committee, appointed

to consider of the Methods practised in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof, and how far it may be expedient to put the same again under the Regulation* of an Assize; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That until the Statute, intituled, " Panis tff made in the 51st Year of the Reign of Henry the Third, was repealed by an Act, intituled*, " An Act to regulate f* tile Price and AlUze of Bread," passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Charge of the grinding and dressing the Corn into Meal and Flour was included in the Assize which was let Upon Bread from the Price of Wheat.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the letting any Assize on Bread, and the fixing a Rate upon the Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit, of the Baker, so long as the Miller or Mealman is at Liberty to make what Sorts of Flour he shall please, and to affix thereunto whftt Prices he shall in like Manner please for his Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit, is fcither impracticable, or must be injurious to the iBaker, or a great Burthen to the poor Labourer, Mechanic, Sind Manufacturer.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, the -Evils arifirtgfroin there being no Restraint, either with felpcft to thfc Sorts of Flour that are made, or to the Trices at which they are fold, may be remedied, by letting filth an Assize upon Flour as shall be found just and reasonable, with respect to the Average Market Price of Wheat.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That 4he whole Flour of Wheat is in general, as it hath always -proved to be, in Weight nearly Three-fourth Parts of the Weight of the middling Grain.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That according to the ancient Custom of the Land, every Twentieth Grain, or Five per Centum of the Weight of the Wheat, is full and sufficient Toll for the Miller’s Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That every Miller, if the Law does not at present oblige him so to do, should, under certain Restrictions, be obliged to grind and dress all such W heat as shall be brought to his Mill by any Person requiring the fame.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That -Forty-two Pounds avoirdupois of the whole Flour, when sold at the Mill, is equal in Value to the middling Price of a Winchester Bushel of middling Wheat at the same Time.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Magistrate, Magistrates, and others, who is and are, by the Laws now in being, authorized and impow--ered to set the Assize, and fix the Price, on Bread, should be authorized and impowered in like Manner to let the Assize, and fix the Price, of Flour.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That when the Magistrates who are, by the Laws now in being, authorized so to do, shall have prohibited any Bread, purporting to be of the superior Quality, or fold

at an higher Price, than the Standard Wheaten Bread, from being made for Sale, they be impowered, in like Manner, to prohibit, if they think proper, any Flour purporting to be of a superior Quality, and sold at an ' higher Price, than the whole Flour of Wheat, ftom being made for Sale, or fold, except for the Purposes of making such small Bread as may then be allowed (by

Licence under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate) -or for the Purposes of Paltry and Confectionary.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the said Magistrates should, in order to inforce the Regulations made respecting the Standard Wheaten Bread, be impowered to order, if they think proper, that no Miller or Mealman shall use, during the Continuance of such their Order, any Bolting Cloth finer than herein described; that is to say, a Cloth 6 Feet in Length, and 6 Feet 7 Inches in Breadth at the Head, and 6 Feet Broad at the Tail, composed of Woollen Yarn, and weighing One Pound when new, having 32 Threads to the Inch in the Warp, and 28 Threads to an Inch in the Shoot, and what is at present known and commonly called a 13*. Cloth; nor any finer Wire Sieve or Machine than that which consists of 42 Wires to an Inch both Ways, and the Weight of 6 Inches Square of which is One Ounce and One Dram.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, ' be printed.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Gold and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Coini regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for applying a certain Sum of Money, for Gold Co;n. calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of c c‘ency. this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of accounting for the Deficiency of the said Coin, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee or the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal.

End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards

defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals'-and Reports of this

House;

General

Index.

Appropriation: Sinking Fund, &c.

Journal,

Ac.

Gold and Silver Coin: Weights.

14 Geo. III. 140 — it

House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will begracioully pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by fuel! Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Robinson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii) 15* .

Anno 14° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1774. PraYers.

MR. Comptroller of the House hold reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the lame; and also, to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further defraying the Expence of making a - General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to.His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating and ascertaining th» Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 34.

;° Junii. 817

An irtgrofled Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- ApprojwUtiwu tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for fund'"He. applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money, which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for further^ appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the1 Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Lady Ann M‘Kenzie, out of the Balance remaining of

the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Gold Coin: refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, Deficiency, upon the Bill for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of accounting for the Deficiency of the said Coin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for authorizing the cutting and defacing all such Gold Coin, as shall be tendered in Payment, of a less Weight than shall be allowed, by His Majesty’s Proclamation, to be current at the Time of such Tender.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the , Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguijli:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Annume, Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the and Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, Lottery, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in America', without any Amendment: And also,

The

Laws

Expiring.

Gold Coin: Deficiency.

818

i5° — 16°

A. 1774.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of made Cordage;

to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain, and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customsyto subsequent Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting and dividing the Open Fields and Commons, in the Manor of Lale, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. x 6. Leave out " on Mortgage, Bond,

" or other," and insert " lent " upon Realand after " Security," insert " only."

Pr. 52. 1. 31. Leave out " the Crown" and insert " such."

1. 32. Leave out from " Person" to " and, in Line 37.

Pr. 68. 1. 19. Leave out " the proper Clerk of."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten. of the Clock

..... ——

Jovisy 16° Junii;

Anno 14* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1774. Prayers.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of accounting for the Deficiency of the said Coin, be now read the Third Time:

And Notice being taken, that the Corporation of the Bank of England, were interested in some of the Provisions of the said Bill;

A Member in his Place, informed the House, That he was authorized, by the Court of Directors of the Bank, to acquaint the House, that the said Court of Directors, having perused a Copy of the said Bill, gave their Consent to the Bill, as far as their Interest is concerned.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 14. To leave out " and, " and after* pay" to insert " and advance."

1. 28. After " as," to inlert " the said Vice " Treasurer, and Receiver General,

" and Paymaster General, or his or " their Deputy or Deputies, and " the said Teller of the Exchequer,

" and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England, and of taking the re an Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the fame; and for authorizing all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed to be current by His Majesty’s Proclamation.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Shire whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and en- House*. large, the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " easy and speedy assessing, collecting, and levying, of County Ratesand of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings,

" wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually " held," so far as the same relate to Public Bridges, and to County Halls, or Shire Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Halsey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ilalfey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto -, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Halsey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had. made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Judges of Assize to adjourn to their Lodgings, for the Purpose of transacting Business, where their Lodgings lie in a different County from that in which the Assizes are held.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Question

Parliamentary and ocher Records.

Appropriation: Sinking Fund, &c.

Gold

Coin,

Deficiency,

&c.

Gold and

Srver Coin Weights.

Quebec Gove mine lit.

Coffee.

14 Geo. III. 1 6° — 21° Junii. 819

Question put' thereupon, was agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 210 Junii;

Anno 14° Georgii III'" Regis, 1774. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Jtx. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to make out a Certificate for the Payment

of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Lady Ann M‘Ken 2/<?, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of Seventy-two Thousand Pounds granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland; without, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in'hnd re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England, and of taking the re an Account of

the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfact ion for the fame; and for authorizing all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin that shall not be allowed to be current by His Majesty’s Proclamation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold ‘and Silver Coin of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Coffee imported and exported into and from North Britain, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1773, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; and Vol. 34.

Foreign Coffee from Coffee of the British Plantations; and also from and to what Plaees the same has been imported and exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of thisSeffidli.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to George While, Esquire, for his Attendance, and the Expences incurred by him, in the last Session of Parliament, as Clerk of the Committee of Secrecy (appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company, and for that Purpose to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company, and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) at The East India House, and other Places; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to George White, Junior, Esquire, for his Attendance, and the Expences incurred by him, in the last Session of Parliament, as Clerk of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British

Affairs in the East Indies; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Thomas Morton, One of the Clerks at the Eafi: India House, for his extraordinary Trouble, in attending the Committee, who, upon the 13th Day of April 1772, were appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Comptroller of the Hbufehold reported to the House, that their Address of Thmfday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order thfe further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

# tosr

9Z

East India Committees*

Parliamentary

and other Records.

1

ie

820

22° Junii. A. 1.774.

Mercurii, 2 2° die yunii;

Anoo 14° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers,

East India ]1 /TR. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Committees. House, that their Addrefiesof Yesterday, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to George White, Esquire, for his Attendance, and the Expences incurred by him, in the last Session of Parliament, as Clerk of the Committee of Secrecy (appointed to enquire into the State of the India Company, and for that Purpose to inspect the Books and Accounts of the said Company, and to report to the House what they find material therein, in respect to the Debts, Credits, and Effects, of the Company, as also to the Management and present Situation of the Company’s Affairs; together with their Observations thereupon) at The House, and other Places; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; and also the Sum of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to George White, Junior, Esquire, for his Attendance, and the Expences incurred by him in the last Session of Parliament, as Clerk of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the Ea/lIndia Company, and of the Affairs in the.

East Indies-, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the feme; and also the Sum of One hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Thomas Morton, One of the Clerks at the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the Committee, who, upon the 13th Day of April 1772, were appointed to enquire into die Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the Affairs in the East Indies’, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame, had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -tteux.Gentleman Ulher of the Black ltod:

Mr. Speaker,

R . The King commands this honourable House to attend

A (lent His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers, to Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up B*113-' to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz. 1

An Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain. Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thou fend Seven hundred and Seventy-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in.thU^ejf^n of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Lady Ann MlKenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland:

An Act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec in America:

An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for

calling in and re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England, and of taking the re art Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the fame; and for authorizing all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin that shall not be allowed to be current by His Majesty’s Proclamation c

An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America:

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine Running df uncustomed Goods, and preventing . Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufeftures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain-, to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-mzde. Cordage; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain-, and to extend foe Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reigrr of King George the First, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, lb far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs,. to subsequent Acts:

An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom:

An Act to enable the Trustees named in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " giving further Powers to the Trustees named, in a. " certain Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year " of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled,. An Act to impower the Trustees of the Will of the late " General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by " this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and " Grounds, in the Manor of in the County

" ot‘ Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads. " and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them.in-tr tended to be built over the River Avon, in the said " County; and also to impower the Persons in Possession * of the said Estate for the Time being, under the " said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and " Houses in the laid Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and " Springs of Water, within the said Manor of

to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Bath; " and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said " Manor of Bathwick; and , for ottyer Purposes there-" in' 'mentioned; anti for enlarging the Powers of " Leafing, given by the said Act, to the Persons " therein named; and for other Purposes," to raile a Sum of Money/ for the Purposes therein optioned: .;

An Act for allotting and dividing foe Open Fields and Commons, in thelManor of Laleham, in foe Counties of Middlesex.^ntL Surrey.

After which His Majesty was. pleased to make a most

gracious

14 Geo. III. 22° Junii. — 40 Augujli — 150 Septembris. 821

gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as foU make a further Progress in the Reduction of the loweth; viz. National Debt.

My I^ords, and Gentlemen,

I have observed, with the utmost Satisfaction, the many eminent Proofs you have given of your zealous and prudent Attention to the public Service, during the Course of this very interesting Session of Parliament.

The Necessity of providing some effectual Remedy for the great and manifold Mischiefs, both public and private, arising from the impaired State of the Gold Coin, induced Me, at the Opening of this Session, to recommend that important Object to your Consideration: In the several Meal'ures you have taken for the Redrcls of those Evils, you have sufficiently manifested, as well your Regard to the general Credit, and Commercial Interelis, of the Kingdom, as to the immediate Ease and Accommodation of My People.

The very peculiar Circumstances of Embarrassment in which the Province of Quebec was involved, had rendered the proper Adjustment, and Regulation of the Government thereof, a Matter of no (mail Difficulty. The Bill which you prepared for that Purpose, and to which 1 have now given My Assent, is founded on the cleared. Principles of Justice and Humanity; and will, I doubt not, . have the best Effects in quieting the Minds, and promoting the Happiness, of My Canadian Subjects.

I have long seen, with Concern, a dangerous Spirit of Resistance to My Government, and to the Execution of the Laws, prevailing in the Province of Massachusets Bay, in New England. It proceeded, at length, to such an Extremity, as to render your immediate Interposition indispensably necessary; and you have, accordingly, made Provision, as well for the Suppression of the present Di (orders, as for the Prevention of the like in future. The Temper and Firmness with which you have conducted yourselves in this important Business, and the general Concurrence with which the Resolution of maintaining the Authority of the Laws, in every Part of My Dominions, hath been adopted, and supported, cannot foil of giving the greatest Weight to the Measures which have been the Result of your Deliberations. Nothing that depends on Me shall be wanting to render them effectual. It is My most anxious Delire to fee My deluded Subjects, in that Part of the World, returning to a Sense of their Duty, acquiescing in that just Subordination to the Authority, and maintaining that due Regard to the Commercial Interests, of this Country, which mult ever be inseparably connected with their own real Prosperity and Advantage.

Nothing material has happened, since your Meeting, with respect to the War between RuJ/ia and the Porte; and it is with Pleasure I can inform you, that the very friendly Assurances which 1 continue to receive from the Neighbouring Powers, give Me the strongest Reason to believe, that they have the same good Dispositions as Myself to preserve the Tranquillity of the rest of Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Ir

I thank you for the Supplies, which you have lo chearfully given; and I lee, with great Satisfaction, that, notwithstanding the ample Grants you have made for the several Establishments, and the Compensation which has been so properly provided for the Holders of the deficient Gold Coin, you have been able to

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to recommend to you, but, that you would carry into your respective Counties, the same affectionate Attachment to My Person and Government, and the same Zeal for the Maintenance of the Public Welfare, which have distinguished nil your Proceedings in this Session of Parliament.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Fourth Day of August next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Fourth Day of August next.

Jovis, 40 die Augujli;

Anno 14° Georgii III,a Regis, 1774.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 15th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the x 5th Day of September next.

Jovis, 150 die Septembris;

Anno 140 Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Dennis, Deputy Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 15th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th Day of November next.

Vol. 34.

INDEX

TO THE

THIRTY-FOURTH VOLUME.

FINIS.

